---
title: 'How to: Use OCR to Turn PDF and Image Files into Electronic Documents'
author: SorenGP
ms.custom: na
ms.date: 10/06/2016
ms.reviewer: na
ms.suite: na
ms.tgt_pltfrm: na
ms.topic: article
ms.prod: dynamics-nav-2017
ms.translationtype: Human Translation
ms.sourcegitcommit: 6b60b1344a1e18ad91863046110df880f75f7c04
ms.openlocfilehash: b11e81264c4aa28cbafcfbae2df685411fd63e61
ms.contentlocale: en-gb
ms.lasthandoff: 07/19/2017

---

# <a name="how-to-use-ocr-to-turn-pdf-and-image-files-into-electronic-documents"></a><span data-ttu-id="64e38-102">How to: Use OCR to Turn PDF and Image Files into Electronic Documents</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64e38-102">How to: Use OCR to Turn PDF and Image Files into Electronic Documents</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="64e38-103">From PDF or image files that you receive from your trading partners, you can have an external OCR service (Optical Character Recognition) generate electronic documents that can be converted to document records in Dynamics NAV.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64e38-103">From PDF or image files that you receive from your trading partners, you can have an external OCR service (Optical Character Recognition) generate electronic documents that can be converted to document records in Dynamics NAV.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="64e38-104">For example, when you receive an invoice in PDF format from your vendor, you can send it to the OCR service from the **Incoming Documents** window.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64e38-104">For example, when you receive an invoice in PDF format from your vendor, you can send it to the OCR service from the **Incoming Documents** window.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="64e38-105">This is described in the first procedure.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64e38-105">This is described in the first procedure.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="64e38-106">As an alternative to sending the file from the **Incoming Documents** window, you can send the file to the OCR service by email.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64e38-106">As an alternative to sending the file from the **Incoming Documents** window, you can send the file to the OCR service by email.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="64e38-107">Then, when you receive the electronic document back, a related incoming document record is created automatically.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64e38-107">Then, when you receive the electronic document back, a related incoming document record is created automatically.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="64e38-108">This is described in the second procedure.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64e38-108">This is described in the second procedure.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="64e38-109">After some seconds, you receive the file back from the OCR service as an electronic invoice that can be converted to a purchase invoice for the vendor.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64e38-109">After some seconds, you receive the file back from the OCR service as an electronic invoice that can be converted to a purchase invoice for the vendor.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="64e38-110">This is described in the third procedure.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64e38-110">This is described in the third procedure.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="64e38-111">Because OCR is based on optical recognition, it is likely that the OCR service will interpret characters in your PDF or image files wrongly when it first processes a certain vendor’s documents, for example.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64e38-111">Because OCR is based on optical recognition, it is likely that the OCR service will interpret characters in your PDF or image files wrongly when it first processes a certain vendor’s documents, for example.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="64e38-112">It may not interpret the company logo as the vendor’s name or it may misinterpret the total amount on a receipt because of its layout.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64e38-112">It may not interpret the company logo as the vendor’s name or it may misinterpret the total amount on a receipt because of its layout.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="64e38-113">To avoid these errors going forward, you can correct the errors in a separate version of the **Incoming Document** window.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64e38-113">To avoid these errors going forward, you can correct the errors in a separate version of the **Incoming Document** window.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="64e38-114">Then you send the corrections back to the OCR service to train it to interpret the specific characters correctly next time it processes a PDF or image document for the same vendor.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64e38-114">Then you send the corrections back to the OCR service to train it to interpret the specific characters correctly next time it processes a PDF or image document for the same vendor.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="64e38-115">For more information, see the "To train the OCR service to avoid errors" section.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64e38-115">For more information, see the "To train the OCR service to avoid errors" section.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="64e38-116">The traffic of files to and from the OCR service is processed by a dedicated job queue entry, which are created automatically when you enable the related service connection.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64e38-116">The traffic of files to and from the OCR service is processed by a dedicated job queue entry, which are created automatically when you enable the related service connection.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="64e38-117">For more information, see [How to: Set Up Incoming Documents](across-how-setup-income-documents.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64e38-117">For more information, see [How to: Set Up Incoming Documents](across-how-setup-income-documents.md).</span></span>

## <a name="to-send-a-pdf-or-image-file-to-the-ocr-service-from-the-incoming-documents-window"></a><span data-ttu-id="64e38-118">To send a PDF or image file to the OCR service from the **Incoming Documents** window</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64e38-118">To send a PDF or image file to the OCR service from the **Incoming Documents** window</span></span>
1. <span data-ttu-id="64e38-119">In the top right corner, choose the **Search for Page or Report** icon, enter **Incoming Documents**, and then choose the related link.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64e38-119">In the top right corner, choose the **Search for Page or Report** icon, enter **Incoming Documents**, and then choose the related link.</span></span>
2. <span data-ttu-id="64e38-120">Create a new incoming document record and attach the file.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64e38-120">Create a new incoming document record and attach the file.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="64e38-121">For more information, see [How to: Create Incoming Document Records](across-how-create-income-document-records.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64e38-121">For more information, see [How to: Create Incoming Document Records](across-how-create-income-document-records.md).</span></span>  
3. <span data-ttu-id="64e38-122">In the **Incoming Documents** window, select one or more lines, and then choose the **Send to Job Queue** action.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64e38-122">In the **Incoming Documents** window, select one or more lines, and then choose the **Send to Job Queue** action.</span></span>

    <span data-ttu-id="64e38-123">The value in the **OCR Status** field changes to **Ready**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64e38-123">The value in the **OCR Status** field changes to **Ready**.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="64e38-124">The attached PDF or image file is sent to the OCR service by the job queue according to the schedule, provided that no errors exist.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64e38-124">The attached PDF or image file is sent to the OCR service by the job queue according to the schedule, provided that no errors exist.</span></span>
5. <span data-ttu-id="64e38-125">Alternatively, in the **Incoming Documents** window, select one or more lines, and then choose the **Send to OCR Service** action.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64e38-125">Alternatively, in the **Incoming Documents** window, select one or more lines, and then choose the **Send to OCR Service** action.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="64e38-126">The value in the **OCR Status** field changes to Sent, provided that no errors exist.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64e38-126">The value in the **OCR Status** field changes to Sent, provided that no errors exist.</span></span>

## <a name="to-send-a-pdf-or-image-file-to-the-ocr-service-by-email"></a><span data-ttu-id="64e38-127">To send a PDF or image file to the OCR service by email</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64e38-127">To send a PDF or image file to the OCR service by email</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="64e38-128">From your email application, you can send an email to the OCR service provider with the PDF or image file attached.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64e38-128">From your email application, you can send an email to the OCR service provider with the PDF or image file attached.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="64e38-129">For information about the email address to send to, see the OCR service provider’s web site.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64e38-129">For information about the email address to send to, see the OCR service provider’s web site.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="64e38-130">Because no incoming document record exists for the file, a new record will be created automatically in the **Incoming Documents** window when you receive the resulting electronic document from the OCR service.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64e38-130">Because no incoming document record exists for the file, a new record will be created automatically in the **Incoming Documents** window when you receive the resulting electronic document from the OCR service.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="64e38-131">For more information, see [How to: Create Incoming Document Records](across-how-create-income-document-records.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64e38-131">For more information, see [How to: Create Incoming Document Records](across-how-create-income-document-records.md).</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="64e38-132">**Note**: If you work on a tablet or phone, you can send the file to the OCR service as soon as you have taken a photo of the document, or you can create an incoming document directly.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64e38-132">**Note**: If you work on a tablet or phone, you can send the file to the OCR service as soon as you have taken a photo of the document, or you can create an incoming document directly.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="64e38-133">For more information, see the "To create incoming document records by taking a photo" section in [How to: Create Incoming Document Records](across-how-create-income-document-records.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64e38-133">For more information, see the "To create incoming document records by taking a photo" section in [How to: Create Incoming Document Records](across-how-create-income-document-records.md).</span></span>

## <a name="to-receive-the-resulting-electronic-document-from-the-ocr-service"></a><span data-ttu-id="64e38-134">To receive the resulting electronic document from the OCR service.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64e38-134">To receive the resulting electronic document from the OCR service.</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="64e38-135">The electronic document that is created by the OCR service from the PDF or image file is automatically received into the **Incoming Documents** window by the job queue entry that is set up when you enable the OCR service.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64e38-135">The electronic document that is created by the OCR service from the PDF or image file is automatically received into the **Incoming Documents** window by the job queue entry that is set up when you enable the OCR service.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="64e38-136">If you are not using a job queue, or you want to receive a finished OCR document sooner than per the job queue schedule, you can choose the **Receive from OCR Service** button.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64e38-136">If you are not using a job queue, or you want to receive a finished OCR document sooner than per the job queue schedule, you can choose the **Receive from OCR Service** button.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="64e38-137">This will get any documents that are completed by the OCR service.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64e38-137">This will get any documents that are completed by the OCR service.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="64e38-138">**Note**: If the OCR service is set up to require manual verification of processed documents, then the **OCR Status** field will contain **Awaiting Verification**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64e38-138">**Note**: If the OCR service is set up to require manual verification of processed documents, then the **OCR Status** field will contain **Awaiting Verification**.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="64e38-139">In that case, perform the following steps to log in to the OCR service website to manually verify an OCR document.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64e38-139">In that case, perform the following steps to log in to the OCR service website to manually verify an OCR document.</span></span>

1. <span data-ttu-id="64e38-140">In the **OCR Status** field, choose the **Awaiting Verification** hyperlink.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64e38-140">In the **OCR Status** field, choose the **Awaiting Verification** hyperlink.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="64e38-141">Alternatively, choose the **Awaiting Verification** tile on the Home page.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64e38-141">Alternatively, choose the **Awaiting Verification** tile on the Home page.</span></span>
2. <span data-ttu-id="64e38-142">On the OCR service website, log in using the credentials of your OCR service account.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64e38-142">On the OCR service website, log in using the credentials of your OCR service account.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="64e38-143">These are the credentials you also used when setting up the service.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64e38-143">These are the credentials you also used when setting up the service.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="64e38-144">For more information, see the "To set up an OCR service" section in [How to: Set Up Incoming Documents](across-how-setup-income-documents.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64e38-144">For more information, see the "To set up an OCR service" section in [How to: Set Up Incoming Documents](across-how-setup-income-documents.md).</span></span>

    <span data-ttu-id="64e38-145">If you access the website from the **OCR Status** field, the document in question is displayed immediately after your sign in.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64e38-145">If you access the website from the **OCR Status** field, the document in question is displayed immediately after your sign in.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="64e38-146">If you access the website by choosing the tile on the Home page, on the first OCR service page that opens, you must choose the **Start** button on the **Verify** tab or double-click the document that you want to verify.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64e38-146">If you access the website by choosing the tile on the Home page, on the first OCR service page that opens, you must choose the **Start** button on the **Verify** tab or double-click the document that you want to verify.</span></span>

    <span data-ttu-id="64e38-147">Information for the OCR document is displayed, showing both the source content of the PDF or image file and the resulting OCR field values.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64e38-147">Information for the OCR document is displayed, showing both the source content of the PDF or image file and the resulting OCR field values.</span></span>
3. <span data-ttu-id="64e38-148">Review the various field values and manually edit or enter values in fields that the OCR service has tagged as uncertain.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64e38-148">Review the various field values and manually edit or enter values in fields that the OCR service has tagged as uncertain.</span></span>
4. <span data-ttu-id="64e38-149">Choose the **OK** button.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64e38-149">Choose the **OK** button.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="64e38-150">The OCR process is completed and the resulting electronic document is sent to the **Incoming Documents** window in Dynamics NAV,  according to the job queue schedule.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64e38-150">The OCR process is completed and the resulting electronic document is sent to the **Incoming Documents** window in Dynamics NAV,  according to the job queue schedule.</span></span>

    <span data-ttu-id="64e38-151">If you access the website by choosing the tile on the Home page, then any other OCR document to be verified is automatically displayed on the website.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64e38-151">If you access the website by choosing the tile on the Home page, then any other OCR document to be verified is automatically displayed on the website.</span></span>
5. <span data-ttu-id="64e38-152">Repeat step 4 for any other OCR document to be verified.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64e38-152">Repeat step 4 for any other OCR document to be verified.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="64e38-153">Now you can proceed to create document records for the received electronic documents in Dynamics NAV, manually or automatically.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64e38-153">Now you can proceed to create document records for the received electronic documents in Dynamics NAV, manually or automatically.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="64e38-154">For more information, see the "To create a document record in Dynamics NAV from a received OCR document" section.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64e38-154">For more information, see the "To create a document record in Dynamics NAV from a received OCR document" section.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="64e38-155">You can also connect the new incoming document record to existing posted or non-posted document so that the source file is easy to access from Dynamics NAV.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64e38-155">You can also connect the new incoming document record to existing posted or non-posted document so that the source file is easy to access from Dynamics NAV.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="64e38-156">For more information, see [Process Incoming Documents](across-process-income-documents.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64e38-156">For more information, see [Process Incoming Documents](across-process-income-documents.md).</span></span>

## <a name="to-create-a-purchase-invoice-from-an-electronic-document-received-from-the-ocr-service"></a><span data-ttu-id="64e38-157">To create a purchase invoice from an electronic document received from the OCR service</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64e38-157">To create a purchase invoice from an electronic document received from the OCR service</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="64e38-158">The following procedure describes how to create a purchase invoice record from a vendor invoice received as an electronic document from the OCR service.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64e38-158">The following procedure describes how to create a purchase invoice record from a vendor invoice received as an electronic document from the OCR service.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="64e38-159">The procedure is the same when you create, for example, a general journal line from an expense receipt.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64e38-159">The procedure is the same when you create, for example, a general journal line from an expense receipt.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="64e38-160">**Note**: The **Description** and **No.**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64e38-160">**Note**: The **Description** and **No.**</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="64e38-161">fields on the created document lines will only be filled if you have first mapped text found on the OCR document to the two fields in Dynamics NAV.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64e38-161">fields on the created document lines will only be filled if you have first mapped text found on the OCR document to the two fields in Dynamics NAV.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="64e38-162">You can do this either as item cross-references, for document lines of type Item, or as text-to-account mappings, for document or journal lines of type G/L Account.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64e38-162">You can do this either as item cross-references, for document lines of type Item, or as text-to-account mappings, for document or journal lines of type G/L Account.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="64e38-163">For more information, see the tooltip for the **Cross References** action on item cards and the related procedure, [How to: Map Text on Recurring Payments to Accounts for Automatic Reconciliation](receivables-how-map-text-recurring-payments-accounts-auto-reconcilliation.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64e38-163">For more information, see the tooltip for the **Cross References** action on item cards and the related procedure, [How to: Map Text on Recurring Payments to Accounts for Automatic Reconciliation](receivables-how-map-text-recurring-payments-accounts-auto-reconcilliation.md).</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="64e38-164">For incoming documents, you typically use the **Map Text to Account** action to define that a certain text on a vendor invoice received from the OCR service is mapped to a certain vendor account.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64e38-164">For incoming documents, you typically use the **Map Text to Account** action to define that a certain text on a vendor invoice received from the OCR service is mapped to a certain vendor account.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="64e38-165">Going forward, any part of the incoming document description that exists as a mapping text means that the **No.**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64e38-165">Going forward, any part of the incoming document description that exists as a mapping text means that the **No.**</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="64e38-166">field on resulting document or journal lines of type G/L Account are filled with the vendor in question.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64e38-166">field on resulting document or journal lines of type G/L Account are filled with the vendor in question.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="64e38-167">In addition to mapping to a vendor account or G/L accounts, you can also map to a bank account.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64e38-167">In addition to mapping to a vendor account or G/L accounts, you can also map to a bank account.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="64e38-168">This is practical, for example, for electronic documents for expenses that are already paid where you want to create a general journal line that is ready to post to a bank account.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64e38-168">This is practical, for example, for electronic documents for expenses that are already paid where you want to create a general journal line that is ready to post to a bank account.</span></span>

1. <span data-ttu-id="64e38-169">Select the incoming document line for the electronic vendor document received from the OCR service.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64e38-169">Select the incoming document line for the electronic vendor document received from the OCR service.</span></span>
2. <span data-ttu-id="64e38-170">To map text on the document to the vendor's account, a debit account, choose the **Map Text to Account** action, and then fill the **Text-to-Account Mapping** window with information that will apply to the vendor going forward.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64e38-170">To map text on the document to the vendor's account, a debit account, choose the **Map Text to Account** action, and then fill the **Text-to-Account Mapping** window with information that will apply to the vendor going forward.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="64e38-171">For more information, see [How to: Map Text on Recurring Payments to Accounts for Automatic Reconciliation](receivables-how-map-text-recurring-payments-accounts-auto-reconcilliation.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64e38-171">For more information, see [How to: Map Text on Recurring Payments to Accounts for Automatic Reconciliation](receivables-how-map-text-recurring-payments-accounts-auto-reconcilliation.md).</span></span>
3. <span data-ttu-id="64e38-172">To map the item numbers on the document to your descriptions of the vendor's items, open the card of each item, and then choose the **Cross References** action to set up cross-references between your item descriptions and those of the vendor.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64e38-172">To map the item numbers on the document to your descriptions of the vendor's items, open the card of each item, and then choose the **Cross References** action to set up cross-references between your item descriptions and those of the vendor.</span></span>
4. <span data-ttu-id="64e38-173">In the **Incoming Documents** window, choose the **Create Document** action.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64e38-173">In the **Incoming Documents** window, choose the **Create Document** action.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="64e38-174">A purchase invoice will be created in Dynamics NAV based on the information in the electronic vendor document that you received from the OCR service.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64e38-174">A purchase invoice will be created in Dynamics NAV based on the information in the electronic vendor document that you received from the OCR service.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="64e38-175">Any validation errors, typically related to wrong or missing master data in Dynamics NAV, will be shown on the **Errors and Warnings** FastTab.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64e38-175">Any validation errors, typically related to wrong or missing master data in Dynamics NAV, will be shown on the **Errors and Warnings** FastTab.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="64e38-176">For more information, see the "To handle errors when receiving electronic documents" section.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64e38-176">For more information, see the "To handle errors when receiving electronic documents" section.</span></span>

## <a name="to-handle-errors-when-receiving-electronic-documents"></a><span data-ttu-id="64e38-177">To handle errors when receiving electronic documents</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64e38-177">To handle errors when receiving electronic documents</span></span>
1. <span data-ttu-id="64e38-178">In the **Incoming Documents** window, select the line for an electronic document received from the OCR service with errors.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64e38-178">In the **Incoming Documents** window, select the line for an electronic document received from the OCR service with errors.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="64e38-179">This is indicated by the Error value in the **OCR Status** field.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64e38-179">This is indicated by the Error value in the **OCR Status** field.</span></span>
2. <span data-ttu-id="64e38-180">Choose the **Edit** action to open the **Incoming Document** window.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64e38-180">Choose the **Edit** action to open the **Incoming Document** window.</span></span>
3. <span data-ttu-id="64e38-181">On the **Errors and Warnings** FastTab, select the message, and then choose the **Open Related Record** action.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64e38-181">On the **Errors and Warnings** FastTab, select the message, and then choose the **Open Related Record** action.</span></span>
4. <span data-ttu-id="64e38-182">The window that contains the wrong or missing data, such as a vendor card with a missing field value, opens.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64e38-182">The window that contains the wrong or missing data, such as a vendor card with a missing field value, opens.</span></span>
5. <span data-ttu-id="64e38-183">Correct the error or errors as described in each error message.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64e38-183">Correct the error or errors as described in each error message.</span></span>
6. <span data-ttu-id="64e38-184">Proceed to process the incoming electronic document by choosing the **Create Manually** action again.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64e38-184">Proceed to process the incoming electronic document by choosing the **Create Manually** action again.</span></span>
7. <span data-ttu-id="64e38-185">Repeat steps 5 and 6 for any remaining errors until the electronic document can be received successfully.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64e38-185">Repeat steps 5 and 6 for any remaining errors until the electronic document can be received successfully.</span></span>

## <a name="to-train-the-ocr-service-to-avoid-errors"></a><span data-ttu-id="64e38-186">To train the OCR service to avoid errors</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64e38-186">To train the OCR service to avoid errors</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="64e38-187">Because OCR is based on optical recognition, it is likely that the OCR service will interpret characters in your PDF or image files wrongly when it first processes documents from a certain vendor, for example.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64e38-187">Because OCR is based on optical recognition, it is likely that the OCR service will interpret characters in your PDF or image files wrongly when it first processes documents from a certain vendor, for example.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="64e38-188">It may not interpret the company logo as the vendor’s name or it may misinterpret the total amount on an expense receipt because of its layout.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64e38-188">It may not interpret the company logo as the vendor’s name or it may misinterpret the total amount on an expense receipt because of its layout.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="64e38-189">To avoid such errors going forward, you can correct data received by the OCR service and then send the feedback to the service.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64e38-189">To avoid such errors going forward, you can correct data received by the OCR service and then send the feedback to the service.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="64e38-190">The **OCR Data Correction** window, which you open from the **Incoming Document** window, shows the fields from the **Financial Information** FastTab in two columns, one with the OCR data editable and one with the OCR data read-only.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64e38-190">The **OCR Data Correction** window, which you open from the **Incoming Document** window, shows the fields from the **Financial Information** FastTab in two columns, one with the OCR data editable and one with the OCR data read-only.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="64e38-191">When you choose the **Send OCR Feedback** button, the content of the **OCR Data Correction** window is sent to the OCR service.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64e38-191">When you choose the **Send OCR Feedback** button, the content of the **OCR Data Correction** window is sent to the OCR service.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="64e38-192">Next time the service processes PDF or image files that contain the data in question, your corrections will be incorporated to avoid the same errors.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64e38-192">Next time the service processes PDF or image files that contain the data in question, your corrections will be incorporated to avoid the same errors.</span></span>

1. <span data-ttu-id="64e38-193">In the top right corner, choose the **Search for Page or Report** icon, enter **Incoming Documents**, and then choose the related link.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64e38-193">In the top right corner, choose the **Search for Page or Report** icon, enter **Incoming Documents**, and then choose the related link.</span></span>
2. <span data-ttu-id="64e38-194">Open an incoming document record that contains data received from OCR service, which you want to correct.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64e38-194">Open an incoming document record that contains data received from OCR service, which you want to correct.</span></span>
3. <span data-ttu-id="64e38-195">In the **Incoming Document** window, choose the **Correct OCR Data** action.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64e38-195">In the **Incoming Document** window, choose the **Correct OCR Data** action.</span></span>
4. <span data-ttu-id="64e38-196">In the **OCR Data Correction** window, overwrite the data in the editable column for each field that has an incorrect value.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64e38-196">In the **OCR Data Correction** window, overwrite the data in the editable column for each field that has an incorrect value.</span></span>
5. <span data-ttu-id="64e38-197">To undo corrections that you have made since you opened the **OCR Data Correction** window, choose the **Reset OCR Data** action.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64e38-197">To undo corrections that you have made since you opened the **OCR Data Correction** window, choose the **Reset OCR Data** action.</span></span>
6. <span data-ttu-id="64e38-198">To send the corrections to the OCR service, choose the **Send OCR Feedback** action.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64e38-198">To send the corrections to the OCR service, choose the **Send OCR Feedback** action.</span></span>
7. <span data-ttu-id="64e38-199">To save the corrections, close the **OCR Data Correction** window.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64e38-199">To save the corrections, close the **OCR Data Correction** window.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="64e38-200">The fields on the **Financial Information** FastTab in the **Incoming Document** window are updated with any new values that you entered in step 4.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64e38-200">The fields on the **Financial Information** FastTab in the **Incoming Document** window are updated with any new values that you entered in step 4.</span></span>

## <a name="see-also"></a><span data-ttu-id="64e38-201">See Also</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64e38-201">See Also</span></span>  
[<span data-ttu-id="64e38-202">Process Incoming Documents</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64e38-202">Process Incoming Documents</span></span>](across-process-income-documents.md)  
[<span data-ttu-id="64e38-203">Incoming Documents</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64e38-203">Incoming Documents</span></span>](across-income-documents.md)  
[<span data-ttu-id="64e38-204">Manage Purchasing</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64e38-204">Manage Purchasing</span></span>](purchasing-manage-purchasing.md)  
[<span data-ttu-id="64e38-205">Work With Dynamics NAV</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="64e38-205">Work With Dynamics NAV</span></span>](ui-work-product.md)

