---
title: 'How to: Connect and Disconnect Incoming Document Records from Documents and Entries'
author: SorenGP
ms.custom: na
ms.date: 09/22/2016
ms.reviewer: na
ms.suite: na
ms.tgt_pltfrm: na
ms.topic: article
ms.prod: dynamics-nav-2017
ms.translationtype: Human Translation
ms.sourcegitcommit: 6b60b1344a1e18ad91863046110df880f75f7c04
ms.openlocfilehash: 1c3a0b07d9ac8e3fbd111583acf7e6f378d7644a
ms.contentlocale: en-gb
ms.lasthandoff: 07/19/2017

---

# <a name="how-to-connect-and-disconnect-incoming-document-records-from-documents-and-entries"></a><span data-ttu-id="e5607-102">How to: Connect and Disconnect Incoming Document Records from Documents and Entries</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e5607-102">How to: Connect and Disconnect Incoming Document Records from Documents and Entries</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="e5607-103">You can store external business documents in Dynamics NAV by attaching the document files to the related incoming document records.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e5607-103">You can store external business documents in Dynamics NAV by attaching the document files to the related incoming document records.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="e5607-104">If the document, such as a purchase invoice, did not start its existence as an incoming document record, you can still create and connect an incoming document record to it later.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e5607-104">If the document, such as a purchase invoice, did not start its existence as an incoming document record, you can still create and connect an incoming document record to it later.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="e5607-105">You can also attach incoming document files to posted purchase and sales documents and to vendor, customer, and general ledger entries by using the **Incoming Document Files** FactBox in, for example, the **Posted Purchase Invoices** and **Vendor Ledger Entries** windows.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e5607-105">You can also attach incoming document files to posted purchase and sales documents and to vendor, customer, and general ledger entries by using the **Incoming Document Files** FactBox in, for example, the **Posted Purchase Invoices** and **Vendor Ledger Entries** windows.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="e5607-106">From the **Chart of Accounts** and **General Ledger Entries** windows, you can use a search function to find general ledger entries for posted purchase and sales documents that do not have incoming document records and then centrally link to existing records or create new ones with attached document files.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e5607-106">From the **Chart of Accounts** and **General Ledger Entries** windows, you can use a search function to find general ledger entries for posted purchase and sales documents that do not have incoming document records and then centrally link to existing records or create new ones with attached document files.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="e5607-107">For more information, see [How to: Find Posted Documents without Incoming Document Records](across-how-find-posted-documents-without-income-document-records.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e5607-107">For more information, see [How to: Find Posted Documents without Incoming Document Records](across-how-find-posted-documents-without-income-document-records.md).</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="e5607-108">The following procedures show how to attach a file to an existing purchase invoice that was not created from an incoming document record and how to attach a file to a vendor ledger entry.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e5607-108">The following procedures show how to attach a file to an existing purchase invoice that was not created from an incoming document record and how to attach a file to a vendor ledger entry.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="e5607-109">Attaching a file to posted purchase or sales documents works in a similar way.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e5607-109">Attaching a file to posted purchase or sales documents works in a similar way.</span></span>

## <a name="to-create-and-connect-an-incoming-document-record-from-a-purchase-invoice"></a><span data-ttu-id="e5607-110">To create and connect an incoming document record from a purchase invoice</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e5607-110">To create and connect an incoming document record from a purchase invoice</span></span>
1. <span data-ttu-id="e5607-111">In the top right corner, choose the **Search for Page or Report** icon, enter **Purchase Invoices**, and then choose the related link.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e5607-111">In the top right corner, choose the **Search for Page or Report** icon, enter **Purchase Invoices**, and then choose the related link.</span></span>
2. <span data-ttu-id="e5607-112">Select the line for a purchase invoice that you want to attach a file to, and then choose the **Create Incoming Document from File** action.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e5607-112">Select the line for a purchase invoice that you want to attach a file to, and then choose the **Create Incoming Document from File** action.</span></span>
3. <span data-ttu-id="e5607-113">Alternatively, select the line for a purchase invoice that you want to attach a file to, and then choose the **Attach File** action.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e5607-113">Alternatively, select the line for a purchase invoice that you want to attach a file to, and then choose the **Attach File** action.</span></span>
4. <span data-ttu-id="e5607-114">In the **Insert File** window, select the file that represents the incoming document in question, and then choose the **Open** button.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e5607-114">In the **Insert File** window, select the file that represents the incoming document in question, and then choose the **Open** button.</span></span>

## <a name="to-create-and-connect-an-incoming-document-record-from-a-vendor-ledger-entry"></a><span data-ttu-id="e5607-115">To create and connect an incoming document record from a vendor ledger entry</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e5607-115">To create and connect an incoming document record from a vendor ledger entry</span></span>
1. <span data-ttu-id="e5607-116">In the top right corner, choose the **Search for Page or Report** icon, enter **Vendor Ledger Entries**, and then choose the related link.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e5607-116">In the top right corner, choose the **Search for Page or Report** icon, enter **Vendor Ledger Entries**, and then choose the related link.</span></span>
2. <span data-ttu-id="e5607-117">Select a line for a vendor ledger entry that you want to attach a file to, and then choose the **Create Incoming Document from File** action.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e5607-117">Select a line for a vendor ledger entry that you want to attach a file to, and then choose the **Create Incoming Document from File** action.</span></span>
3. <span data-ttu-id="e5607-118">Alternatively, select a line for a vendor ledger entry that you want to attach a file to, and then choose the **Attach File** action.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e5607-118">Alternatively, select a line for a vendor ledger entry that you want to attach a file to, and then choose the **Attach File** action.</span></span>
4. <span data-ttu-id="e5607-119">In the **Insert File** window, select the file that represents the incoming document in question, and then choose the **Open** button.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e5607-119">In the **Insert File** window, select the file that represents the incoming document in question, and then choose the **Open** button.</span></span>

## <a name="to-remove-a-connection-from-an-incoming-document-record-to-a-posted-document"></a><span data-ttu-id="e5607-120">To remove a connection from an incoming document record to a posted document</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e5607-120">To remove a connection from an incoming document record to a posted document</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="e5607-121">You can remove file attachments from non-posted documents at any time by deleting the related incoming document record.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e5607-121">You can remove file attachments from non-posted documents at any time by deleting the related incoming document record.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="e5607-122">If the document is posted, then you must first remove the connection from the incoming document record.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e5607-122">If the document is posted, then you must first remove the connection from the incoming document record.</span></span>

1. <span data-ttu-id="e5607-123">In the top right corner, choose the **Search for Page or Report** icon, enter **Incoming Documents**, and then choose the related link.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e5607-123">In the top right corner, choose the **Search for Page or Report** icon, enter **Incoming Documents**, and then choose the related link.</span></span>
2. <span data-ttu-id="e5607-124">Select the line for an incoming document record connected to a posted document that you want to remove, and then choose the **Remove Reference to Record** action.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e5607-124">Select the line for an incoming document record connected to a posted document that you want to remove, and then choose the **Remove Reference to Record** action.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="e5607-125">The connection to the posted document is removed.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e5607-125">The connection to the posted document is removed.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="e5607-126">You can now proceed to connect another incoming document record to the posted document as described in this topic.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e5607-126">You can now proceed to connect another incoming document record to the posted document as described in this topic.</span></span>

## <a name="see-also"></a><span data-ttu-id="e5607-127">See Also</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e5607-127">See Also</span></span>  
[<span data-ttu-id="e5607-128">Process Incoming Documents</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e5607-128">Process Incoming Documents</span></span>](across-process-income-documents.md)  
[<span data-ttu-id="e5607-129">Incoming Documents</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e5607-129">Incoming Documents</span></span>](across-income-documents.md)  
[<span data-ttu-id="e5607-130">Manage Purchasing</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e5607-130">Manage Purchasing</span></span>](purchasing-manage-purchasing.md)  
[<span data-ttu-id="e5607-131">Work With Dynamics NAV</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e5607-131">Work With Dynamics NAV</span></span>](ui-work-product.md)

