---
title: Using Dynamics NAV as your Business Inbox in Outlook
author: edupont04
ms.custom: na
ms.date: 09/22/2016
ms.reviewer: na
ms.suite: na
ms.tgt_pltfrm: na
ms.topic: article
ms.prod: dynamics-nav-2018
ms.translationtype: HT
ms.sourcegitcommit: 1dfba8b14019991c95f40ffd5f7fbaed5df414eb
ms.openlocfilehash: b8c9c3c4cce017aa57499f82b88f46e0160e4cf0
ms.contentlocale: en-gb
ms.lasthandoff: 12/01/2017

---

# <a name="using-dynamics-nav-as-your-business-inbox-in-outlook"></a><span data-ttu-id="f313d-102">Using Dynamics NAV as your Business Inbox in Outlook</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f313d-102">Using Dynamics NAV as your Business Inbox in Outlook</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="f313d-103">Dynamics NAV introduces the ability to manage business interactions with your customers and vendors, directly in Microsoft Outlook.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f313d-103">Dynamics NAV introduces the ability to manage business interactions with your customers and vendors, directly in Microsoft Outlook.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f313d-104">With the Dynamics NAV Outlook Add-in, you can see financial data related to customers and vendors, as well as create and send financial documents, such as quotes and invoices.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f313d-104">With the Dynamics NAV Outlook Add-in, you can see financial data related to customers and vendors, as well as create and send financial documents, such as quotes and invoices.</span></span>  

<span data-ttu-id="f313d-105">Some companies using Office 365 restrict users’ permissions to deploy add-ins. So you must make sure that you have an Office 365 subscription that includes email and allows you to deploy add-ins. You can sign up for a 1-month free trial of Office 365 [here](https://products.office.com/try).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f313d-105">Some companies using Office 365 restrict users’ permissions to deploy add-ins. So you must make sure that you have an Office 365 subscription that includes email and allows you to deploy add-ins. You can sign up for a 1-month free trial of Office 365 [here](https://products.office.com/try).</span></span>  

## <a name="get-the-add-in"></a><span data-ttu-id="f313d-106">Get the add-in</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f313d-106">Get the add-in</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="f313d-107">In Dynamics NAV, one of the assisted setup guides is **Set Up Office Add-Ins**. The guide helps you  set up a connection between your Office 365 account and Dynamics NAV.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f313d-107">In Dynamics NAV, one of the assisted setup guides is **Set Up Office Add-Ins**. The guide helps you  set up a connection between your Office 365 account and Dynamics NAV.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f313d-108">The Dynamics NAV add-in is then automatically added to your Outlook.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f313d-108">The Dynamics NAV add-in is then automatically added to your Outlook.</span></span>  

<span data-ttu-id="f313d-109">The new add-in is added to the Outlook ribbon, and in Outlook Web Access, you can see it in the add-in ribbon, immediately above the body of the email message.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f313d-109">The new add-in is added to the Outlook ribbon, and in Outlook Web Access, you can see it in the add-in ribbon, immediately above the body of the email message.</span></span>  

## <a name="using-the-add-in"></a><span data-ttu-id="f313d-110">Using the add-in</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f313d-110">Using the add-in</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="f313d-111">When you get a message from a customer, directly in Outlook, you can open the Dynamics NAV add-in, which recognises the customer, and opens the customer card for his company.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f313d-111">When you get a message from a customer, directly in Outlook, you can open the Dynamics NAV add-in, which recognizes the customer, and opens the customer card for his company.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f313d-112">From this dashboard, you can see overview information for the customer, as well as drill down for more detail on specific documents.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f313d-112">From this dashboard, you can see overview information for the customer, as well as drill down for more detail on specific documents.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f313d-113">You can also dig into the sales history for the customer.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f313d-113">You can also dig into the sales history for the customer.</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="f313d-114">In the add-in, you can create a sales quote and send it back to this customer without leaving Outlook.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f313d-114">In the add-in, you can create a sales quote and send it back to this customer without leaving Outlook.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f313d-115">All of the information that you need to send the sales quote is available in your business inbox in Outlook.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f313d-115">All of the information that you need to send the sales quote is available in your business inbox in Outlook.</span></span>  
<span data-ttu-id="f313d-116">Once you have the data entered, you can post the quote.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f313d-116">Once you have the data entered, you can post the quote.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f313d-117">You can then send it by email.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f313d-117">You can then send it by email.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f313d-118">Dynamics NAV generates a .PDF file with the sales quote and attaches it to the email message that you draft in the add-in.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f313d-118">Dynamics NAV generates a .PDF file with the sales quote and attaches it to the email message that you draft in the add-in.</span></span>  

<span data-ttu-id="f313d-119">Similar experience applies to messages from your vendors and purchase documents.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f313d-119">Similar experience applies to messages from your vendors and purchase documents.</span></span>  

<span data-ttu-id="f313d-120">Sometimes you want to see more fields that you can see in the add-in, such as when you want to fill in lines in an invoice.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f313d-120">Sometimes you want to see more fields that you can see in the add-in, such as when you want to fill in lines in an invoice.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f313d-121">To give you a bit more space to work with, you can pop out the add-in to a separate window.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f313d-121">To give you a bit more space to work with, you can pop out the add-in to a separate window.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f313d-122">It's still part of Outlook, but you have more space.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f313d-122">It's still part of Outlook, but you have more space.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f313d-123">As you enter data for the document in the pop-out view, the changes are automatically saved.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f313d-123">As you enter data for the document in the pop-out view, the changes are automatically saved.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f313d-124">When you are done entering data for the document, you can close the page.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f313d-124">When you are done entering data for the document, you can close the page.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f313d-125">Choosing the add-in frame in Outlook automatically refreshes the document with the changes you made in the pop-out view.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f313d-125">Choosing the add-in frame in Outlook automatically refreshes the document with the changes you made in the pop-out view.</span></span>  

## <a name="quick-document-lookup"></a><span data-ttu-id="f313d-126">Quick document lookup</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f313d-126">Quick document lookup</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="f313d-127">The Dynamics NAV Document Links add-in gives you quick access to documents mentioned in email messages.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f313d-127">The Dynamics NAV Document Links add-in gives you quick access to documents mentioned in email messages.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f313d-128">The add-in is available for an email message if a document number is recognised in the body of the message.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f313d-128">The add-in is available for an email message if a document number is recognized in the body of the message.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f313d-129">Opening the add-in provides quick access to the document.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f313d-129">Opening the add-in provides quick access to the document.</span></span>  

<span data-ttu-id="f313d-130">For example, if you receive an email message that mentions the text *S-QUO100*, Dynamics NAV identifies that as a sales quote, and so you can open this document in Outlook.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f313d-130">For example, if you receive an email message that mentions the text *S-QUO100*, Dynamics NAV identifies that as a sales quote, and so you can open this document in Outlook.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f313d-131">In Outlook, choose the **Document Links** button immediately above the body of the email message.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f313d-131">In Outlook, choose the **Document Links** button immediately above the body of the email message.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f313d-132">In the Outlook Web App, choose the *S-QUO1001* text in the body of the email message.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f313d-132">In the Outlook Web App, choose the *S-QUO1001* text in the body of the email message.</span></span>  

<span data-ttu-id="f313d-133">In the Document Links add-in, you can modify and take actions with the document, just like you can in Dynamics NAV.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f313d-133">In the Document Links add-in, you can modify and take actions with the document, just like you can in Dynamics NAV.</span></span>

## <a name="see-also"></a><span data-ttu-id="f313d-134">See Also</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f313d-134">See Also</span></span>
[<span data-ttu-id="f313d-135">Welcome to Dynamics NAV</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f313d-135">Welcome to Dynamics NAV</span></span>](across-get-started.md)  
[<span data-ttu-id="f313d-136">Finance</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f313d-136">Finance</span></span>](finance.md)  
[<span data-ttu-id="f313d-137">Manage Sales</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f313d-137">Manage Sales</span></span>](sales-manage-sales.md)  
[<span data-ttu-id="f313d-138">Manage Purchasing</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f313d-138">Manage Purchasing</span></span>](purchasing-manage-purchasing.md)  

