---
title: 'How to: Use Approval Workflows'
author: SorenGP
ms.custom: na
ms.date: 09/22/2016
ms.reviewer: na
ms.suite: na
ms.tgt_pltfrm: na
ms.topic: article
ms.prod: dynamics-nav-2017
ms.translationtype: Human Translation
ms.sourcegitcommit: 6b60b1344a1e18ad91863046110df880f75f7c04
ms.openlocfilehash: bde70a8febc561b68908b1da2729fff59b105fd9
ms.contentlocale: en-gb
ms.lasthandoff: 07/19/2017

---

# <a name="how-to-use-approval-workflows"></a><span data-ttu-id="6489e-102">How to: Use Approval Workflows</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6489e-102">How to: Use Approval Workflows</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="6489e-103">When a record, such as a purchase document or a customer card, needs to be approved by someone in your organisation, you send an approval request as part of a workflow.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6489e-103">When a record, such as a purchase document or a customer card, needs to be approved by someone in your organization, you send an approval request as part of a workflow.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="6489e-104">Based on how the workflow is set up, the appropriate approver is then notified that the record requires their approval.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6489e-104">Based on how the workflow is set up, the appropriate approver is then notified that the record requires their approval.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="6489e-105">Core approval workflows for purchases documents, sales documents, payment journals, customer cards, and item cards are ready to start as assisted setup.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6489e-105">Core approval workflows for purchases documents, sales documents, payment journals, customer cards, and item cards are ready to start as assisted setup.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="6489e-106">For more information, see [Welcome to Dynamics NAV](across-get-started.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6489e-106">For more information, see [Welcome to Dynamics NAV](across-get-started.md).</span></span>

## <a name="to-request-approval-of-a-record"></a><span data-ttu-id="6489e-107">To request approval of a record</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6489e-107">To request approval of a record</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="6489e-108">The following task is performed by an approval user.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6489e-108">The following task is performed by an approval user.</span></span>

1. <span data-ttu-id="6489e-109">In the window that presents the record, choose the **Send Approval Request** action.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6489e-109">In the window that presents the record, choose the **Send Approval Request** action.</span></span>
2. <span data-ttu-id="6489e-110">To see all your approval requests, in the top right corner, choose the **Search for Page or Report** icon, enter **Approval Request Entries**, and then choose the related link.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6489e-110">To see all your approval requests, in the top right corner, choose the **Search for Page or Report** icon, enter **Approval Request Entries**, and then choose the related link.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="6489e-111">The status of the approval entry is updated from **Created** to **Open**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6489e-111">The status of the approval entry is updated from **Created** to **Open**.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="6489e-112">The status of the record, for example a purchase invoice, is updated from **Open** to **Pending Approval** and remains locked for processing until all approvers have approved the record.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6489e-112">The status of the record, for example a purchase invoice, is updated from **Open** to **Pending Approval** and remains locked for processing until all approvers have approved the record.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="6489e-113">When the approver has approved the record, the status changes to **Released**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6489e-113">When the approver has approved the record, the status changes to **Released**.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="6489e-114">You can then continue your tasks with the record.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6489e-114">You can then continue your tasks with the record.</span></span>

## <a name="to-cancel-requests-for-approval"></a><span data-ttu-id="6489e-115">To cancel requests for approval</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6489e-115">To cancel requests for approval</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="6489e-116">The following task is performed by an approval user with approver rights.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6489e-116">The following task is performed by an approval user with approver rights.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="6489e-117">A customer may want to change an order after it has been submitted for approval.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6489e-117">A customer may want to change an order after it has been submitted for approval.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="6489e-118">In this case, you can cancel the approval process and make the necessary changes to the order before you request approval again.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6489e-118">In this case, you can cancel the approval process and make the necessary changes to the order before you request approval again.</span></span>

1. <span data-ttu-id="6489e-119">In the window that displays the record, choose the **Cancel Approval Request** action.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6489e-119">In the window that displays the record, choose the **Cancel Approval Request** action.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="6489e-120">When the approval request has been cancelled, the status of the related approval entry is changed to **Cancelled**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6489e-120">When the approval request has been canceled, the status of the related approval entry is changed to **Canceled**.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="6489e-121">The status of the record is updated from **Pending Approval** to **Open**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6489e-121">The status of the record is updated from **Pending Approval** to **Open**.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="6489e-122">The approval process can then start again.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6489e-122">The approval process can then start again.</span></span>

## <a name="to-make-minor-changes-to-approved-records"></a><span data-ttu-id="6489e-123">To make minor changes to approved records</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6489e-123">To make minor changes to approved records</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="6489e-124">If you want to make a minor change to a record after it has been approved, you can reopen the record, make the change, and then release it.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6489e-124">If you want to make a minor change to a record after it has been approved, you can reopen the record, make the change, and then release it.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="6489e-125">For minor changes, you do this with the **Reopen** and **Release** buttons.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6489e-125">For minor changes, you do this with the **Reopen** and **Release** buttons.</span></span>

1. <span data-ttu-id="6489e-126">Open the window that displays the record, such as a purchase invoice, and then choose the **Reopen** action.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6489e-126">Open the window that displays the record, such as a purchase invoice, and then choose the **Reopen** action.</span></span>

    <span data-ttu-id="6489e-127">The **Document Status** field is changed to Open.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6489e-127">The **Document Status** field is changed to Open.</span></span>
3. <span data-ttu-id="6489e-128">Make the necessary changes on the record, such as the vendor’s address.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6489e-128">Make the necessary changes on the record, such as the vendor’s address.</span></span>
4. <span data-ttu-id="6489e-129">Choose the **Release** action.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6489e-129">Choose the **Release** action.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="6489e-130">When you reopen the source record, the status of the related approval entry remains Approved in the **Approval Entries** window.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6489e-130">When you reopen the source record, the status of the related approval entry remains Approved in the **Approval Entries** window.</span></span>

## <a name="to-approve-or-reject-requests-for-approval"></a><span data-ttu-id="6489e-131">To approve or reject requests for approval</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6489e-131">To approve or reject requests for approval</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="6489e-132">The following task is performed by an approval user with approver rights.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6489e-132">The following task is performed by an approval user with approver rights.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="6489e-133">You can process approval requests in the **Requests to Approve** window, for example to approve multiple requests at a time.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6489e-133">You can process approval requests in the **Requests to Approve** window, for example to approve multiple requests at a time.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="6489e-134">Alternatively, you can process each request on the related record, such as the **Purchase Invoice** window, by choosing the link in the notification that you receive.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6489e-134">Alternatively, you can process each request on the related record, such as the **Purchase Invoice** window, by choosing the link in the notification that you receive.</span></span>

1. <span data-ttu-id="6489e-135">In the top right corner, choose the **Search for Page or Report** icon, enter **Requests to Approve**, and then choose the related link.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6489e-135">In the top right corner, choose the **Search for Page or Report** icon, enter **Requests to Approve**, and then choose the related link.</span></span>
2. <span data-ttu-id="6489e-136">Select one or more lines for the record or records that you want to approve or reject.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6489e-136">Select one or more lines for the record or records that you want to approve or reject.</span></span>
3. <span data-ttu-id="6489e-137">Choose the **Approve**, **Reject**, or **Delegate** actions.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6489e-137">Choose the **Approve**, **Reject**, or **Delegate** actions.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="6489e-138">When a record has been approved or rejected, the approval status in the **Status** field changes to **Approved** or **Rejected**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6489e-138">When a record has been approved or rejected, the approval status in the **Status** field changes to **Approved** or **Rejected**.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="6489e-139">If an approver hierarchy is set up, the record status will be **Pending Approval** until all approvers have approved the record.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6489e-139">If an approver hierarchy is set up, the record status will be **Pending Approval** until all approvers have approved the record.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="6489e-140">Then the record status will change to **Released**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6489e-140">Then the record status will change to **Released**.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="6489e-141">At the same time, the approval status changes from **Created** to **Open** as soon as an approval request for the record is created.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6489e-141">At the same time, the approval status changes from **Created** to **Open** as soon as an approval request for the record is created.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="6489e-142">If the request is rejected, the approval status changes to **Rejected**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6489e-142">If the request is rejected, the approval status changes to **Rejected**.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="6489e-143">The status remains **Open** or **Rejected** until all approvers have approved the request.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6489e-143">The status remains **Open** or **Rejected** until all approvers have approved the request.</span></span>

## <a name="to-delegate-requests-for-approval"></a><span data-ttu-id="6489e-144">To delegate requests for approval</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6489e-144">To delegate requests for approval</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="6489e-145">The following task is performed by an approval user with approver rights.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6489e-145">The following task is performed by an approval user with approver rights.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="6489e-146">To prevent documents from piling up or otherwise block the workflow, the approver and the approval administrator can delegate an approval request to a substitute approver.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6489e-146">To prevent documents from piling up or otherwise block the workflow, the approver and the approval administrator can delegate an approval request to a substitute approver.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="6489e-147">The substitute can either be a designated substitute, the direct approver, or the approval administrator, in that order of priority.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6489e-147">The substitute can either be a designated substitute, the direct approver, or the approval administrator, in that order of priority.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="6489e-148">You typically use this feature if an approver is out of office and is unable to approve requests before the due date.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6489e-148">You typically use this feature if an approver is out of office and is unable to approve requests before the due date.</span></span>

1. <span data-ttu-id="6489e-149">In the top right corner, choose the **Search for Page or Report** icon, enter **Requests to Approve**, and then choose the related link.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6489e-149">In the top right corner, choose the **Search for Page or Report** icon, enter **Requests to Approve**, and then choose the related link.</span></span>
2. <span data-ttu-id="6489e-150">Select one or more lines for the approval requests that you want to delegate to a substitute approver, and then choose the **Delegate** action.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6489e-150">Select one or more lines for the approval requests that you want to delegate to a substitute approver, and then choose the **Delegate** action.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="6489e-151">A notification to approve the request is sent to the substitute approver.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6489e-151">A notification to approve the request is sent to the substitute approver.</span></span>

## <a name="to-manage-overdue-approval-requests"></a><span data-ttu-id="6489e-152">To manage overdue approval requests</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6489e-152">To manage overdue approval requests</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="6489e-153">The following task is performed by an approval user with approver rights.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6489e-153">The following task is performed by an approval user with approver rights.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="6489e-154">At regular intervals, you must remind approval workflow users of overdue approval requests that they must react on.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6489e-154">At regular intervals, you must remind approval workflow users of overdue approval requests that they must react on.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="6489e-155">You use the Send Overdue Approval Notifications function for this.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6489e-155">You use the Send Overdue Approval Notifications function for this.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="6489e-156">The Send Overdue Approval Notifications function checks for all open approval requests that are currently overdue.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6489e-156">The Send Overdue Approval Notifications function checks for all open approval requests that are currently overdue.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="6489e-157">Each approver that has at least one overdue approval entry receives a notification with the list of all their overdue approval requests.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6489e-157">Each approver that has at least one overdue approval entry receives a notification with the list of all their overdue approval requests.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="6489e-158">The notification is also sent to their approver and all the requesters of the overdue approvals.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6489e-158">The notification is also sent to their approver and all the requesters of the overdue approvals.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="6489e-159">This helps if the overdue approval entry must be delegated to a substitute.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6489e-159">This helps if the overdue approval entry must be delegated to a substitute.</span></span>

1. <span data-ttu-id="6489e-160">In the top right corner, choose the **Search for Page or Report** icon, enter **Overdue Approval Requests**, and then choose the related link.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6489e-160">In the top right corner, choose the **Search for Page or Report** icon, enter **Overdue Approval Requests**, and then choose the related link.</span></span>
2. <span data-ttu-id="6489e-161">In the **Overdue Approval Requests** window, choose the **Send Overdue Approval Notifications** action.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6489e-161">In the **Overdue Approval Requests** window, choose the **Send Overdue Approval Notifications** action.</span></span>

## <a name="see-also"></a><span data-ttu-id="6489e-162">See Also</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6489e-162">See Also</span></span>  
<span data-ttu-id="6489e-163">[Manage Sales](sales-manage-sales.md)  </span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6489e-163">[Manage Sales](sales-manage-sales.md)  </span></span>  
[<span data-ttu-id="6489e-164">Incoming Documents</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6489e-164">Incoming Documents</span></span>](across-income-documents.md)  
[<span data-ttu-id="6489e-165">Manage Purchasing</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6489e-165">Manage Purchasing</span></span>](purchasing-manage-purchasing.md)  
[<span data-ttu-id="6489e-166">Work With Dynamics NAV</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6489e-166">Work With Dynamics NAV</span></span>](ui-work-product.md)

