---
title: Configuring the User Interface (UI) for Users
description: "As an administrator, configure the company’s default user interfaces by customising page layouts for different user profiles in the company."
author: jswymer
ms.topic: article
ms.devlang: na
ms.tgt_pltfrm: na
ms.workload: na
ms.search.keywords: customize pages, configure user interface, customize UI
ms.date: 07/01/2017
ms.author: jswymer
ms.prod: dynamics-nav-2018
ms.translationtype: HT
ms.sourcegitcommit: 4fefaef7380ac10836fcac404eea006f55d8556f
ms.openlocfilehash: 7ba3d45a856eb38fe99fc5012b4e2f2d8609f9ce
ms.contentlocale: en-gb
ms.lasthandoff: 10/16/2017

---
# <a name="configuring-the-user-interface-ui-for-users"></a><span data-ttu-id="ca40d-103">Configuring the User Interface (UI) for Users</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ca40d-103">Configuring the User Interface (UI) for Users</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="ca40d-104">As an administrator, you configure the company’s default user interfaces by customising page layouts for different user profiles in the company.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ca40d-104">As an administrator, you configure the company’s default user interfaces by customizing page layouts for different user profiles in the company.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="ca40d-105">To perform this work, you must be an administrator with the SUPER permission set.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ca40d-105">To perform this work, you must be an administrator with the SUPER permission set.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="ca40d-106">In addition, profiles must be set up and the appropriate users assigned to them.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ca40d-106">In addition, profiles must be set up and the appropriate users assigned to them.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="ca40d-107">For more information, see [Managing Users, Profiles, and Role Centres](admin-users-profiles-roles.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ca40d-107">For more information, see [Managing Users, Profiles, and Role Centers](admin-users-profiles-roles.md).</span></span>  
  
<span data-ttu-id="ca40d-108">You configure the user interface for multiple users by customising pages for a particular profile that the users are assigned to.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ca40d-108">You configure the user interface for multiple users by customizing pages for a particular profile that the users are assigned to.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="ca40d-109">You do this by using the [!INCLUDE[nav_windows](includes/nav_windows_md.md)], and customising the same way that individual users personalise their own workspaces, that is, by using the **Customise** feature.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ca40d-109">You do this by using the [!INCLUDE[nav_windows](includes/nav_windows_md.md)], and customizing the same way that individual users personalize their own workspaces, that is, by using the **Customize** feature.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="ca40d-110">The difference is that you open the [!INCLUDE[nav_windows](includes/nav_windows_md.md)] in the configuration mode.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ca40d-110">The difference is that you open the [!INCLUDE[nav_windows](includes/nav_windows_md.md)] in the configuration mode.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="ca40d-111">Typical customisations include which actions to include on the ribbon, how fields are placed on FastTabs or in FactBoxes, and which menu items to include in the navigation pane.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ca40d-111">Typical customizations include which actions to include on the ribbon, how fields are placed on FastTabs or in FactBoxes, and which menu items to include in the navigation pane.</span></span> 

> [!TIP]  
>  <span data-ttu-id="ca40d-112">A quick way to implement UI configurations for a profile is if you already have a configured profile in another [!INCLUDE[d365fin](includes/d365fin_md.md)] database.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ca40d-112">A quick way to implement UI configurations for a profile is if you already have a configured profile in another [!INCLUDE[d365fin](includes/d365fin_md.md)] database.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="ca40d-113">You can then export that profile, and then import it into the current database.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ca40d-113">You can then export that profile, and then import it into the current database.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="ca40d-114">For more information, see [Exporting and Importing Profiles](admin-profiles.md#ExportImportProfile).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ca40d-114">For more information, see [Exporting and Importing Profiles](admin-profiles.md#ExportImportProfile).</span></span>  
  
## <a name="general-information"></a><span data-ttu-id="ca40d-115">General information</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ca40d-115">General information</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="ca40d-116">Consider the following information before you begin to configure the UI:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ca40d-116">Consider the following information before you begin to configure the UI:</span></span>
-   <span data-ttu-id="ca40d-117">Before you begin to configure the UI, the application can be configured to show and hide UI elements (such as fields, FastTabs, and FactBoxes) based on licence or user permissions.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ca40d-117">Before you begin to configure the UI, the application can be configured to show and hide UI elements (such as fields, FastTabs, and FactBoxes) based on license or user permissions.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="ca40d-118">For more information about how this is done, see [Removing Elements from the User Interface According to Permissions](https://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/dynamics-nav/removing-elements-from-the-user-interface-according-to-permissions).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ca40d-118">For more information about how this is done, see [Removing Elements from the User Interface According to Permissions](https://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/dynamics-nav/removing-elements-from-the-user-interface-according-to-permissions).</span></span>

    <span data-ttu-id="ca40d-119">To see the effect of the UI Elements Removal option, you can log on as a test user with the permission set of the profile you are configuring.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ca40d-119">To see the effect of the UI Elements Removal option, you can log on as a test user with the permission set of the profile you are configuring.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="ca40d-120">The reason is that you as the administrator have the SUPER permission set, and you can therefore not see and test the resulting user interface during your own logon.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ca40d-120">The reason is that you as the administrator have the SUPER permission set, and you can therefore not see and test the resulting user interface during your own logon.</span></span>    
-   <span data-ttu-id="ca40d-121">When you make UI configuration changes for a page that a user has personalised, the user’s UI personalisation is preserved, and is not overwritten by the new page configuration.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ca40d-121">When you make UI configuration changes for a page that a user has personalized, the user’s UI personalization is preserved, and is not overwritten by the new page configuration.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="ca40d-122">Likewise, when you cancel your UI configuration of a page that a user has since personalised, the user’s UI personalisation is not cancelled.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ca40d-122">Likewise, when you cancel your UI configuration of a page that a user has since personalized, the user’s UI personalization is not canceled.</span></span>
-   <span data-ttu-id="ca40d-123">The only situation where UI configuration does overwrite UI personalisation is when a UI element is removed by configuration.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ca40d-123">The only situation where UI configuration does overwrite UI personalization is when a UI element is removed by configuration.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="ca40d-124">For example, if the administrator removes a field that the user has renamed or moved, then the field is still removed from the user’s user interface.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ca40d-124">For example, if the administrator removes a field that the user has renamed or moved, then the field is still removed from the user’s user interface.</span></span>
-   <span data-ttu-id="ca40d-125">You can record UI configurations of the same page based on different access points to the page.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ca40d-125">You can record UI configurations of the same page based on different access points to the page.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="ca40d-126">For example, the **Sales Orders** window can be customised to look different when opened from the **Customer Card** window than when opened from the **Sales Order Processor** Role Centre.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ca40d-126">For example, the **Sales Orders** window can be customized to look different when opened from the **Customer Card** window than when opened from the **Sales Order Processor** Role Center.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="ca40d-127">The point from which you access the page to be customised is recorded in that specific page customisation.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ca40d-127">The point from which you access the page to be customized is recorded in that specific page customization.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="ca40d-128">Accordingly, there may be multiple page customization records in the database, as you can be seen in the **Delete Profile Configuration** window.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ca40d-128">Accordingly, there may be multiple page customization records in the database, as you can be seen in the **Delete Profile Configuration** window.</span></span>  
-   <span data-ttu-id="ca40d-129">Unlike when users change the size of windows or the width of columns on their own computer, any such basic view changes that you make during your configuration of the UI for a profile are not saved to the profile and will not be available for users assigned to the profile.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ca40d-129">Unlike when users change the size of windows or the width of columns on their own computer, any such basic view changes that you make during your configuration of the UI for a profile are not saved to the profile and will not be available for users assigned to the profile.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="ca40d-130">Basic view changes are computer-specific.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ca40d-130">Basic view changes are computer-specific.</span></span>   

## <a name="configure-a-profile-with-the-includenavwindowsincludesnavwindowsmdmd-in-configuration-mode"></a><span data-ttu-id="ca40d-131">Configure a profile with the [!INCLUDE[nav_windows](includes/nav_windows_md.md)] in configuration mode</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ca40d-131">Configure a profile with the [!INCLUDE[nav_windows](includes/nav_windows_md.md)] in configuration mode</span></span>
1.  <span data-ttu-id="ca40d-132">Open a command prompt, and type the following command to change to the installation folder of the [!INCLUDE[nav_windows](includes/nav_windows_md.md)].</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ca40d-132">Open a command prompt, and type the following command to change to the installation folder of the [!INCLUDE[nav_windows](includes/nav_windows_md.md)].</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="ca40d-133">For example:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ca40d-133">For example:</span></span>  
  
    ```  
    cd C:\Program Files\(x86)\Microsoft Dynamics NAV\110\RoleTailored Client  
    ```  
  
2.  <span data-ttu-id="ca40d-134">Type the following command to start the [!INCLUDE[nav_windows](includes/nav_windows_md.md)] in the configuration mode for a specific profile:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ca40d-134">Type the following command to start the [!INCLUDE[nav_windows](includes/nav_windows_md.md)] in the configuration mode for a specific profile:</span></span>  
  
    ```  
    Microsoft.Dynamics.Nav.Client.exe -configure -profile:"profileid"  
    ```  
  
     <span data-ttu-id="ca40d-135">Replace **profileid** with the name of the profile that you want to configure.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ca40d-135">Replace **profileid** with the name of the profile that you want to configure.</span></span>  
  
     <span data-ttu-id="ca40d-136">For example, to configure the Accounting Manager profile, use this command:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ca40d-136">For example, to configure the Accounting Manager profile, use this command:</span></span>  
  
    ```  
    Microsoft.Dynamics.Nav.Client.exe -configure -profile:"Accounting Manager"  
    ``` 

3. <span data-ttu-id="ca40d-137">You are now ready to start configuring the UI, which you do the same way as individual users personalise their own workspaces.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ca40d-137">You are now ready to start configuring the UI, which you do the same way as individual users personalize their own workspaces.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="ca40d-138">For more information, see [Personalising Your Workspace in the [!INCLUDE[nav_windows](includes/nav_windows_md.md)]](ui-personalization-windows-client.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ca40d-138">For more information, see [Personalizing Your Workspace in the [!INCLUDE[nav_windows](includes/nav_windows_md.md)]](ui-personalization-windows-client.md).</span></span> 

## <a name="cancel-ui-configuration"></a><span data-ttu-id="ca40d-139">Cancel UI Configuration</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ca40d-139">Cancel UI Configuration</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="ca40d-140">You can cancel UI customisations that you have made as configuration for a profile in three ways:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ca40d-140">You can cancel UI customizations that you have made as configuration for a profile in three ways:</span></span>  
  
-   <span data-ttu-id="ca40d-141">Cancel all UI customisation that you have made for a profile by using the **Clear Configured Pages** button in the **Profile Card** window.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ca40d-141">Cancel all UI customization that you have made for a profile by using the **Clear Configured Pages** button in the **Profile Card** window.</span></span>  
  
-   <span data-ttu-id="ca40d-142">Cancel UI customization that you have made for specific pages for a profile by deleting rows in the **Delete Profile Configuration** window.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ca40d-142">Cancel UI customization that you have made for specific pages for a profile by deleting rows in the **Delete Profile Configuration** window.</span></span>  
  
-   <span data-ttu-id="ca40d-143">Cancel UI customisation that you have made for a specific UI area for a specific page for a profile by using the **Restore Defaults** button in the **Customise** window.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ca40d-143">Cancel UI customization that you have made for a specific UI area for a specific page for a profile by using the **Restore Defaults** button in the **Customize** window.</span></span>  
  
### <a name="general-information"></a><span data-ttu-id="ca40d-144">General information</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ca40d-144">General information</span></span>  
-   <span data-ttu-id="ca40d-145">Users can make UI customisations under their own user logon to personalise their user interface.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ca40d-145">Users can make UI customizations under their own user logon to personalize their user interface.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="ca40d-146">When you cancel your UI configuration of a page that a user has since personalised, the user’s UI personalisation is not cancelled.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ca40d-146">When you cancel your UI configuration of a page that a user has since personalized, the user’s UI personalization is not canceled.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="ca40d-147">Likewise, when you make new UI configuration for a page that a user has personalised, the user’s UI personalisation is preserved, and is not overwritten by the new page configuration.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ca40d-147">Likewise, when you make new UI configuration for a page that a user has personalized, the user’s UI personalization is preserved, and is not overwritten by the new page configuration.</span></span>  

    <span data-ttu-id="ca40d-148">The only situation where UI configuration does overwrite UI personalisation is when a UI element is removed by configuration.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ca40d-148">The only situation where UI configuration does overwrite UI personalization is when a UI element is removed by configuration.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="ca40d-149">For example, if the administrator removes a field that the user has renamed or moved, then the field is still removed from the user’s UI.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ca40d-149">For example, if the administrator removes a field that the user has renamed or moved, then the field is still removed from the user’s UI.</span></span>  
  
-   <span data-ttu-id="ca40d-150">In the **Delete User Personalization** window and with the **Restore Defaults** button in the **Customize** window, users can cancel UI customization that they have made to pages under their own user logon.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ca40d-150">In the **Delete User Personalization** window and with the **Restore Defaults** button in the **Customize** window, users can cancel UI customization that they have made to pages under their own user logon.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="ca40d-151">When they do so, the layout of those pages is reset to any UI customisation that the administrator has configured for the profile.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ca40d-151">When they do so, the layout of those pages is reset to any UI customization that the administrator has configured for the profile.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="ca40d-152">If the profile has not been configured, then the layout of the user’s pages is reset to the default profile configuration.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ca40d-152">If the profile has not been configured, then the layout of the user’s pages is reset to the default profile configuration.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="ca40d-153">For more information about how users cancel personalisation, see [Cancelling Personalisation](ui-personalization-windows-client.md#CancelPersonalization).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ca40d-153">For more information about how users cancel personalization, see [Cancelling Personalization](ui-personalization-windows-client.md#CancelPersonalization).</span></span>
  
### <a name="to-cancel-all-ui-customization-that-you-have-made-for-a-profile"></a><span data-ttu-id="ca40d-154">To cancel all UI customisation that you have made for a profile</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ca40d-154">To cancel all UI customization that you have made for a profile</span></span>  
  
1.  <span data-ttu-id="ca40d-155">In the **Search** box,, enter **Profiles**, and then choose the related link.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ca40d-155">In the **Search** box,, enter **Profiles**, and then choose the related link.</span></span>  
  
2.  <span data-ttu-id="ca40d-156">Select the profile for which you want to cancel all UI customisations, and then, on the **Home** tab, in the **Manage** group, choose **Edit**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ca40d-156">Select the profile for which you want to cancel all UI customizations, and then, on the **Home** tab, in the **Manage** group, choose **Edit**.</span></span>  
  
3.  <span data-ttu-id="ca40d-157">In the **Profile Card** window, on the **Actions** tab, in the **Functions** group, choose **Clear Configured Pages**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ca40d-157">In the **Profile Card** window, on the **Actions** tab, in the **Functions** group, choose **Clear Configured Pages**.</span></span>  
  
> [!NOTE]  
>  <span data-ttu-id="ca40d-158">All UI customisations for the profile, both those installed with the application and those made by the administrator, are cancelled.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ca40d-158">All UI customizations for the profile, both those installed with the application and those made by the administrator, are canceled.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="ca40d-159">No page layouts specific to the profile remain in the database.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ca40d-159">No page layouts specific to the profile remain in the database.</span></span>  
  
### <a name="to-cancel-ui-customization-that-you-have-made-for-specific-page-for-a-profile"></a><span data-ttu-id="ca40d-160">To cancel UI customisation that you have made for specific page for a profile</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ca40d-160">To cancel UI customization that you have made for specific page for a profile</span></span>  
  
1.  <span data-ttu-id="ca40d-161">In the **Search** box,, enter **Delete Profile Configuration**, and then choose the related link.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ca40d-161">In the **Search** box,, enter **Delete Profile Configuration**, and then choose the related link.</span></span>  
  
2.  <span data-ttu-id="ca40d-162">Select the profile/page set for which you want to cancel your UI customisation, and then, on the **Home** tab, in the **Manage** group, choose **Delete**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ca40d-162">Select the profile/page set for which you want to cancel your UI customization, and then, on the **Home** tab, in the **Manage** group, choose **Delete**.</span></span>  
  
    > [!IMPORTANT]  
    >  <span data-ttu-id="ca40d-163">If you have configured different UI customisations of the same page based on different navigation paths to the page, then each page customisation will be listed in the **Delete Profile Configuration** window with the same information.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ca40d-163">If you have configured different UI customizations of the same page based on different navigation paths to the page, then each page customization will be listed in the **Delete Profile Configuration** window with the same information.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="ca40d-164">There is no information to identify which row relates to which navigation path.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ca40d-164">There is no information to identify which row relates to which navigation path.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="ca40d-165">Therefore, you must either delete rows one by one followed by visual checks on the page, or you can delete all rows with UI customisations for the profile/page.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ca40d-165">Therefore, you must either delete rows one by one followed by visual checks on the page, or you can delete all rows with UI customizations for the profile/page.</span></span>
    >    
    >  <span data-ttu-id="ca40d-166">All UI customisation for the page for the profile that you have ever made on the installation or since you last used the **Delete Profile Configuration** window is cancelled.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ca40d-166">All UI customization for the page for the profile that you have ever made on the installation or since you last used the **Delete Profile Configuration** window is canceled.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="ca40d-167">The layout of the page is reset to the standard layout of the page object.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ca40d-167">The layout of the page is reset to the standard layout of the page object.</span></span>  
  
### <a name="to-cancel-ui-customization-that-you-have-made-for-a-specific-ui-area-for-a-specific-page-for-a-profile"></a><span data-ttu-id="ca40d-168">To cancel UI customisation that you have made for a specific UI area for a specific page for a profile</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ca40d-168">To cancel UI customization that you have made for a specific UI area for a specific page for a profile</span></span>  
  
<span data-ttu-id="ca40d-169">You can undo changes for that you have made to individual UI areas, such as a ribbon, by using the **Restore Defaults** button in the **Customise** window.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ca40d-169">You can undo changes for that you have made to individual UI areas, such as a ribbon, by using the **Restore Defaults** button in the **Customize** window.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="ca40d-170">Alternatively, you can undo all UI changes that you have made for a profile by using the **Delete Profile Configuration** window.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ca40d-170">Alternatively, you can undo all UI changes that you have made for a profile by using the **Delete Profile Configuration** window.</span></span>  
  
<span data-ttu-id="ca40d-171">The UI customisation for the profile of the particular UI area on the particular page is cancelled.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ca40d-171">The UI customization for the profile of the particular UI area on the particular page is canceled.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="ca40d-172">The layout of the UI area on the page is reset to the default configuration, as made either by the administrator or as installed with the application.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ca40d-172">The layout of the UI area on the page is reset to the default configuration, as made either by the administrator or as installed with the application.</span></span>  
  
## <a name="see-also"></a><span data-ttu-id="ca40d-173">See Also</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ca40d-173">See Also</span></span>  
<span data-ttu-id="ca40d-174">[Customising [!INCLUDE[navnow_md](includes/navnow_md.md)]](ui-customizing-overview.md)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ca40d-174">[Customizing [!INCLUDE[navnow_md](includes/navnow_md.md)]](ui-customizing-overview.md)</span></span>   
