---
title: 'How to: Set Up the Envestnet Yodlee Bank Feeds Service'
author: SorenGP
ms.custom: na
ms.date: 09/22/2016
ms.reviewer: na
ms.suite: na
ms.tgt_pltfrm: na
ms.topic: article
ms.prod: dynamics-nav-2017
ms.translationtype: Human Translation
ms.sourcegitcommit: 6b60b1344a1e18ad91863046110df880f75f7c04
ms.openlocfilehash: 63d0a895b6f98a250ea5cbd73ee62187f25f92f6
ms.contentlocale: en-gb
ms.lasthandoff: 07/19/2017

---

# <a name="how-to-set-up-the-envestnet-yodlee-bank-feeds-service"></a><span data-ttu-id="7f7bc-102">How to: Set Up the Envestnet Yodlee Bank Feeds Service</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7f7bc-102">How to: Set Up the Envestnet Yodlee Bank Feeds Service</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="7f7bc-103">You can import electronic bank statements from your bank to quickly fill in the **Payment Reconciliation Journal** window so you can apply payments and reconcile the bank account.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7f7bc-103">You can import electronic bank statements from your bank to quickly fill in the **Payment Reconciliation Journal** window so you can apply payments and reconcile the bank account.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="7f7bc-104">For more information, see [Apply Payments Automatically and Reconcile Bank Accounts](receivables-apply-payments-auto-reconcile-bank-accounts.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7f7bc-104">For more information, see [Apply Payments Automatically and Reconcile Bank Accounts](receivables-apply-payments-auto-reconcile-bank-accounts.md).</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="7f7bc-105">**Note**: The Envestnet Yodlee Bank Feeds service, or anther provider's bank feed service, may not be available in your system.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7f7bc-105">**Note**: The Envestnet Yodlee Bank Feeds service, or anther provider's bank feed service, may not be available in your system.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="7f7bc-106">Contact your Microsoft partner if you want to use a bank feed service to import bank statements.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7f7bc-106">Contact your Microsoft partner if you want to use a bank feed service to import bank statements.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="7f7bc-107">When you have enabled the bank feed service, you must link the involved bank account to the online bank account that the feed will come from.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7f7bc-107">When you have enabled the bank feed service, you must link the involved bank account to the online bank account that the feed will come from.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="7f7bc-108">You link bank accounts to online bank accounts in the following different scenarios:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7f7bc-108">You link bank accounts to online bank accounts in the following different scenarios:</span></span>

- <span data-ttu-id="7f7bc-109">A bank account does not exist in Dynamics NAV for your online bank account.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7f7bc-109">A bank account does not exist in Dynamics NAV for your online bank account.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="7f7bc-110">Therefore, you create the bank account by linking from the online bank account.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7f7bc-110">Therefore, you create the bank account by linking from the online bank account.</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="7f7bc-111">A bank account exists in Dynamics NAV, which you want to link to an online bank account.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7f7bc-111">A bank account exists in Dynamics NAV, which you want to link to an online bank account.</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="7f7bc-112">A linked bank account must be unlinked because you want to stop using the bank feed service for the account.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7f7bc-112">A linked bank account must be unlinked because you want to stop using the bank feed service for the account.</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="7f7bc-113">Online bank accounts have changed and you want to update the information on bank accounts in Dynamics NAV.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7f7bc-113">Online bank accounts have changed and you want to update the information on bank accounts in Dynamics NAV.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="7f7bc-114">When the bank feed service is enabled, you can set a bank account up to automatically import new bank statements into the **Payment Reconciliation Journal** window every two hour.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7f7bc-114">When the bank feed service is enabled, you can set a bank account up to automatically import new bank statements into the **Payment Reconciliation Journal** window every two hour.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="7f7bc-115">Transactions for payments that have already been posted as applied and/or reconciled in the **Payment Reconciliation Journal** window will not be imported.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7f7bc-115">Transactions for payments that have already been posted as applied and/or reconciled in the **Payment Reconciliation Journal** window will not be imported.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="7f7bc-116">For more information, see the “To enable automatic import of bank statements” section.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7f7bc-116">For more information, see the “To enable automatic import of bank statements” section.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="7f7bc-117">**Note**: If you use the Set Up Company assisted setup, then some of the steps in the following procedures will be performed automatically when you get to the company bank account setup.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7f7bc-117">**Note**: If you use the Set Up Company assisted setup, then some of the steps in the following procedures will be performed automatically when you get to the company bank account setup.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="7f7bc-118">For more information, see [Welcome to Dynamics NAV](across-get-started.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7f7bc-118">For more information, see [Welcome to Dynamics NAV](across-get-started.md).</span></span>

## <a name="to-enable-the-bank-feed-service"></a><span data-ttu-id="7f7bc-119">To enable the bank feed service</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7f7bc-119">To enable the bank feed service</span></span>
1. <span data-ttu-id="7f7bc-120">In the top right corner, choose the **Search for Page or Report** icon, enter **Bank Accounts**, and then choose the related link.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7f7bc-120">In the top right corner, choose the **Search for Page or Report** icon, enter **Bank Accounts**, and then choose the related link.</span></span>
2. <span data-ttu-id="7f7bc-121">Open the bank account that you will use for the bank feed service.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7f7bc-121">Open the bank account that you will use for the bank feed service.</span></span>
3. <span data-ttu-id="7f7bc-122">In the **Bank Account** window, in the **Bank Statement Import Format** field, select YODLEEBANKFEED.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7f7bc-122">In the **Bank Account** window, in the **Bank Statement Import Format** field, select YODLEEBANKFEED.</span></span>  

<span data-ttu-id="7f7bc-123">The bank feed service will be enabled when you link a bank account to its related online bank account.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7f7bc-123">The bank feed service will be enabled when you link a bank account to its related online bank account.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="7f7bc-124">See the next procedure.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7f7bc-124">See the next procedure.</span></span>  

## <a name="to-create-a-new-linked-bank-account"></a><span data-ttu-id="7f7bc-125">To create a new linked bank account</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7f7bc-125">To create a new linked bank account</span></span>
1. <span data-ttu-id="7f7bc-126">In the top right corner, choose the **Search for Page or Report** icon, enter **Bank Accounts**, and then choose the related link.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7f7bc-126">In the top right corner, choose the **Search for Page or Report** icon, enter **Bank Accounts**, and then choose the related link.</span></span>
2. <span data-ttu-id="7f7bc-127">Select the relevant bank account, and then choose the **Create New Linked Bank Account**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7f7bc-127">Select the relevant bank account, and then choose the **Create New Linked Bank Account**.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="7f7bc-128">The **Bank Account Linking** window opens after a few moments.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7f7bc-128">The **Bank Account Linking** window opens after a few moments.</span></span>

    <span data-ttu-id="7f7bc-129">**Note**: This window shows the actual web page of the Envestnet Yodlee Bank Feeds service.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7f7bc-129">**Note**: This window shows the actual web page of the Envestnet Yodlee Bank Feeds service.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="7f7bc-130">Terminology and functionality in the window may not match instructions provided in this topic.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7f7bc-130">Terminology and functionality in the window may not match instructions provided in this topic.</span></span>  
3. <span data-ttu-id="7f7bc-131">In the **Online Bank Account Linking** window, in the **Link Account** pane, use the Search function to find the bank where you have one or more online bank accounts.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7f7bc-131">In the **Online Bank Account Linking** window, in the **Link Account** pane, use the Search function to find the bank where you have one or more online bank accounts.</span></span>
4. <span data-ttu-id="7f7bc-132">Choose the bank name.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7f7bc-132">Choose the bank name.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="7f7bc-133">The **Log In** pane opens.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7f7bc-133">The **Log In** pane opens.</span></span>
5. <span data-ttu-id="7f7bc-134">Enter the username and password that you use to log on to the online bank, and then choose the **Next** button.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7f7bc-134">Enter the username and password that you use to log on to the online bank, and then choose the **Next** button.</span></span>  
6. <span data-ttu-id="7f7bc-135">The bank feed service prepares to link the first online bank account at the specified bank to a new bank account in Dynamics NAV.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7f7bc-135">The bank feed service prepares to link the first online bank account at the specified bank to a new bank account in Dynamics NAV.</span></span>

    <span data-ttu-id="7f7bc-136">**Note**: If you have more than one online bank account at the bank, you must create additional bank accounts in Dynamics NAV for those additional online bank accounts.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7f7bc-136">**Note**: If you have more than one online bank account at the bank, you must create additional bank accounts in Dynamics NAV for those additional online bank accounts.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="7f7bc-137">See steps 8 through 10.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7f7bc-137">See steps 8 through 10.</span></span>

    <span data-ttu-id="7f7bc-138">When the process has completed successfully, the bank name will appear in the **My Accounts** pane on the **Linked** tab.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7f7bc-138">When the process has completed successfully, the bank name will appear in the **My Accounts** pane on the **Linked** tab.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="7f7bc-139">The number in brackets indicates how many online bank accounts were linked.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7f7bc-139">The number in brackets indicates how many online bank accounts were linked.</span></span>
7. <span data-ttu-id="7f7bc-140">Choose the **OK** button.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7f7bc-140">Choose the **OK** button.</span></span>

    <span data-ttu-id="7f7bc-141">If only one online bank account is linked, the **Bank Account Card** window for a new bank account opens, prefilled with the name of the online bank account.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7f7bc-141">If only one online bank account is linked, the **Bank Account Card** window for a new bank account opens, prefilled with the name of the online bank account.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="7f7bc-142">In this case, the bank account linking task is completed.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7f7bc-142">In this case, the bank account linking task is completed.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="7f7bc-143">All that remains is to set up the bank account.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7f7bc-143">All that remains is to set up the bank account.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="7f7bc-144">For more information, see [How to: Set Up Bank Accounts](bank-how-setup-bank-accounts.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7f7bc-144">For more information, see [How to: Set Up Bank Accounts](bank-how-setup-bank-accounts.md).</span></span>

    <span data-ttu-id="7f7bc-145">If more than one online bank accounts were linked, the **Bank Account Linking** window opens listing the additional online bank accounts that are not linked to bank accounts in Dynamics NAV yet.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7f7bc-145">If more than one online bank accounts were linked, the **Bank Account Linking** window opens listing the additional online bank accounts that are not linked to bank accounts in Dynamics NAV yet.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="7f7bc-146">In that case, follow the next step.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7f7bc-146">In that case, follow the next step.</span></span>  
8. <span data-ttu-id="7f7bc-147">In the **Bank Account Linking** window, select the line for an online bank account, and then choose the **Link to New Bank Account** action.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7f7bc-147">In the **Bank Account Linking** window, select the line for an online bank account, and then choose the **Link to New Bank Account** action.</span></span>

    <span data-ttu-id="7f7bc-148">The **Bank Account Card** window for a new bank account opens, prefilled with the name of the online bank account.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7f7bc-148">The **Bank Account Card** window for a new bank account opens, prefilled with the name of the online bank account.</span></span>

    <span data-ttu-id="7f7bc-149">If a bank account already exists in Dynamics NAV that you want to link the additional online bank account to, follow the next step.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7f7bc-149">If a bank account already exists in Dynamics NAV that you want to link the additional online bank account to, follow the next step.</span></span>  
9. <span data-ttu-id="7f7bc-150">In the **Bank Account Linking** window, select the line for an online bank account, and then choose the **Link to Existing Bank Account** action.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7f7bc-150">In the **Bank Account Linking** window, select the line for an online bank account, and then choose the **Link to Existing Bank Account** action.</span></span>
10. <span data-ttu-id="7f7bc-151">In the **Bank Account List** window, select the bank account that you want to link to, and then choose the **OK** button.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7f7bc-151">In the **Bank Account List** window, select the bank account that you want to link to, and then choose the **OK** button.</span></span>

## <a name="to-link-a-bank-account-to-an-online-bank-account"></a><span data-ttu-id="7f7bc-152">To link a bank account to an online bank account</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7f7bc-152">To link a bank account to an online bank account</span></span>
1. <span data-ttu-id="7f7bc-153">In the top right corner, choose the **Search for Page or Report** icon, enter **Bank Accounts**, and then choose the related link.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7f7bc-153">In the top right corner, choose the **Search for Page or Report** icon, enter **Bank Accounts**, and then choose the related link.</span></span>
2. <span data-ttu-id="7f7bc-154">Select the line for a bank account that is not linked to an online bank account, and then choose the **Link to Online Bank Account** action.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7f7bc-154">Select the line for a bank account that is not linked to an online bank account, and then choose the **Link to Online Bank Account** action.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="7f7bc-155">The **Online Bank Account Linking** window opens with the name of the bank prefilled in the **Link Account** pane.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7f7bc-155">The **Online Bank Account Linking** window opens with the name of the bank prefilled in the **Link Account** pane.</span></span>
3. <span data-ttu-id="7f7bc-156">Choose the bank name.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7f7bc-156">Choose the bank name.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="7f7bc-157">The **Log In** pane opens.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7f7bc-157">The **Log In** pane opens.</span></span>
4. <span data-ttu-id="7f7bc-158">Enter the username and password that you use to log on to the online bank, and then choose the **Next** button.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7f7bc-158">Enter the username and password that you use to log on to the online bank, and then choose the **Next** button.</span></span>

    <span data-ttu-id="7f7bc-159">The bank feed service prepares to link your bank account in Dynamics NAV to the related online bank account.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7f7bc-159">The bank feed service prepares to link your bank account in Dynamics NAV to the related online bank account.</span></span>

    <span data-ttu-id="7f7bc-160">When the process has completed successfully, the bank name will appear in the **My Accounts** pane on the **Linked** tab.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7f7bc-160">When the process has completed successfully, the bank name will appear in the **My Accounts** pane on the **Linked** tab.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="7f7bc-161">If the bank has more than one bank account, only the bank account that you selected in step 2 is linked.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7f7bc-161">If the bank has more than one bank account, only the bank account that you selected in step 2 is linked.</span></span>
5. <span data-ttu-id="7f7bc-162">Choose the **OK** button.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7f7bc-162">Choose the **OK** button.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="7f7bc-163">In the **Bank Account List** window, the **Linked** check box is selected.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7f7bc-163">In the **Bank Account List** window, the **Linked** check box is selected.</span></span>

## <a name="to-unlink-a-bank-account"></a><span data-ttu-id="7f7bc-164">To unlink a bank account</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7f7bc-164">To unlink a bank account</span></span>
1. <span data-ttu-id="7f7bc-165">In the top right corner, choose the **Search for Page or Report** icon, enter **Bank Accounts**, and then choose the related link.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7f7bc-165">In the top right corner, choose the **Search for Page or Report** icon, enter **Bank Accounts**, and then choose the related link.</span></span>  
2. <span data-ttu-id="7f7bc-166">Select the line for a linked bank account that you want to unlink from its related online bank account, and the choose the **Unlink Online Bank Account** action.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7f7bc-166">Select the line for a linked bank account that you want to unlink from its related online bank account, and the choose the **Unlink Online Bank Account** action.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="7f7bc-167">**Note**: If you choose **Yes** on the confirmation dialogue, the link to the online bank account is removed, and the log-in details are cleared.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7f7bc-167">**Note**: If you choose **Yes** on the confirmation dialog, the link to the online bank account is removed, and the log-in details are cleared.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="7f7bc-168">To link the bank account to the online bank account again, you must log on to the bank again.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7f7bc-168">To link the bank account to the online bank account again, you must log on to the bank again.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="7f7bc-169">For more information, see the “To link a bank account to an online bank account“ section.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7f7bc-169">For more information, see the “To link a bank account to an online bank account“ section.</span></span>

## <a name="to-update-bank-account-linking"></a><span data-ttu-id="7f7bc-170">To update bank account linking</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7f7bc-170">To update bank account linking</span></span>
1. <span data-ttu-id="7f7bc-171">In the top right corner, choose the **Search for Page or Report** icon, enter **Bank Accounts**, and then choose the related link.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7f7bc-171">In the top right corner, choose the **Search for Page or Report** icon, enter **Bank Accounts**, and then choose the related link.</span></span>
2. <span data-ttu-id="7f7bc-172">Select the relevant bank account, and then choose the **Update Bank Account Linking** action.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7f7bc-172">Select the relevant bank account, and then choose the **Update Bank Account Linking** action.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="7f7bc-173">If issues exist for any of the linked bank accounts in the **Bank Account List** window, the **Bank Account Linking** window opens specifying which bank accounts have issues.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7f7bc-173">If issues exist for any of the linked bank accounts in the **Bank Account List** window, the **Bank Account Linking** window opens specifying which bank accounts have issues.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="7f7bc-174">Issues can best be resolved by unlinking the online bank account and then re-creating the link.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7f7bc-174">Issues can best be resolved by unlinking the online bank account and then re-creating the link.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="7f7bc-175">For more information, see the “To link a bank account to an online bank account“ section.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7f7bc-175">For more information, see the “To link a bank account to an online bank account“ section.</span></span>

## <a name="to-enable-automatic-import-of-bank-statements"></a><span data-ttu-id="7f7bc-176">To enable automatic import of bank statements</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7f7bc-176">To enable automatic import of bank statements</span></span>
1. <span data-ttu-id="7f7bc-177">In the top right corner, choose the **Search for Page or Report** icon, enter **Bank Accounts**, and then choose the related link.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7f7bc-177">In the top right corner, choose the **Search for Page or Report** icon, enter **Bank Accounts**, and then choose the related link.</span></span>
2. <span data-ttu-id="7f7bc-178">Select the line for a linked bank account, and then choose the **Automatic Bank Statement Import Setup** action.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7f7bc-178">Select the line for a linked bank account, and then choose the **Automatic Bank Statement Import Setup** action.</span></span>
3. <span data-ttu-id="7f7bc-179">In the **Automatic Bank Statement Import Setup** window, in the **Number of Days Included** field, specify how far back in time to get new bank transactions for.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7f7bc-179">In the **Automatic Bank Statement Import Setup** window, in the **Number of Days Included** field, specify how far back in time to get new bank transactions for.</span></span>

    <span data-ttu-id="7f7bc-180">**Note**: It is recommended that you set this value to 7 days or more.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7f7bc-180">**Note**: It is recommended that you set this value to 7 days or more.</span></span>
4. <span data-ttu-id="7f7bc-181">Select the **Enabled** check box.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7f7bc-181">Select the **Enabled** check box.</span></span>  
<span data-ttu-id="7f7bc-182">Every hour, the **Payment Reconciliation Journal** window will now be filled with any new payments that are made on the online bank account.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7f7bc-182">Every hour, the **Payment Reconciliation Journal** window will now be filled with any new payments that are made on the online bank account.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="7f7bc-183">**Note**: Transactions for payments that have already been posted as applied and/or reconciled in the **Payment Reconciliation Journal** window will not be imported.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7f7bc-183">**Note**: Transactions for payments that have already been posted as applied and/or reconciled in the **Payment Reconciliation Journal** window will not be imported.</span></span>

## <a name="see-also"></a><span data-ttu-id="7f7bc-184">See Also</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7f7bc-184">See Also</span></span>  
[<span data-ttu-id="7f7bc-185">Set Up Banking</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7f7bc-185">Set Up Banking</span></span>](bank-setup-banking.md)  
[<span data-ttu-id="7f7bc-186">Manage Bank Accounts</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7f7bc-186">Manage Bank Accounts</span></span>](bank-manage-bank-accounts.md)  
[<span data-ttu-id="7f7bc-187">Apply Payments Automatically and Reconcile Bank Accounts</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7f7bc-187">Apply Payments Automatically and Reconcile Bank Accounts</span></span>](receivables-apply-payments-auto-reconcile-bank-accounts.md)  
[<span data-ttu-id="7f7bc-188">Customizing Dynamics NAV Using Extensions </span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7f7bc-188">Customizing Dynamics NAV Using Extensions </span></span>](ui-extensions.md)

