---
title: 'How to: Reconcile Bank Accounts Separately'
author: SorenGP
ms.custom: na
ms.date: 09/22/2016
ms.reviewer: na
ms.suite: na
ms.tgt_pltfrm: na
ms.topic: article
ms.prod: dynamics-nav-2017
ms.translationtype: Human Translation
ms.sourcegitcommit: 6b60b1344a1e18ad91863046110df880f75f7c04
ms.openlocfilehash: 7092a6fea5f7797426c9b621c8c3e410b308429e
ms.contentlocale: en-gb
ms.lasthandoff: 07/19/2017

---

# <a name="how-to-reconcile-bank-accounts-separately"></a><span data-ttu-id="697e7-102">How to: Reconcile Bank Accounts Separately</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="697e7-102">How to: Reconcile Bank Accounts Separately</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="697e7-103">To reconcile bank accounts in Dynamics NAV with statements received from the bank, you must fill the lines in the **Bank Acc. Reconciliation** window.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="697e7-103">To reconcile bank accounts in Dynamics NAV with statements received from the bank, you must fill the lines in the **Bank Acc. Reconciliation** window.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="697e7-104">**Note**: You can also reconcile bank accounts in the **Payment Reconciliation Journal** window.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="697e7-104">**Note**: You can also reconcile bank accounts in the **Payment Reconciliation Journal** window.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="697e7-105">Any open bank account ledger entries related to the applied customer or vendor ledger entries will be closed when you choose the **Post Payments and Reconcile Bank Account** action.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="697e7-105">Any open bank account ledger entries related to the applied customer or vendor ledger entries will be closed when you choose the **Post Payments and Reconcile Bank Account** action.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="697e7-106">This means that the bank account is automatically reconciled for payments that you post with the journal.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="697e7-106">This means that the bank account is automatically reconciled for payments that you post with the journal.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="697e7-107">For more information, see [How to: Reconcile Payments Using Automatic Application](receivables-how-reconcile-payments-auto-application.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="697e7-107">For more information, see [How to: Reconcile Payments Using Automatic Application](receivables-how-reconcile-payments-auto-application.md).</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="697e7-108">To enable import of bank statements as bank feeds, you must first set up and enable the Envestnet Yodlee Bank Feed service, and then link your bank accounts to the related online bank accounts.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="697e7-108">To enable import of bank statements as bank feeds, you must first set up and enable the Envestnet Yodlee Bank Feed service, and then link your bank accounts to the related online bank accounts.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="697e7-109">For more information, see [How to: Set Up the Envestnet Yodlee Bank Feeds Service](bank-how-setup-bank-statement-service.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="697e7-109">For more information, see [How to: Set Up the Envestnet Yodlee Bank Feeds Service](bank-how-setup-bank-statement-service.md).</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="697e7-110">**Note**: The Envestnet Yodlee Bank Feeds service, or anther provider's bank feed service, may not be available in your system.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="697e7-110">**Note**: The Envestnet Yodlee Bank Feeds service, or anther provider's bank feed service, may not be available in your system.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="697e7-111">Contact your Microsoft partner if you want to use a bank feed service to import bank statements.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="697e7-111">Contact your Microsoft partner if you want to use a bank feed service to import bank statements.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="697e7-112">The lines in the **Bank Acc. Reconciliation** window are divided into two panes.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="697e7-112">The lines in the **Bank Acc. Reconciliation** window are divided into two panes.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="697e7-113">The **Bank Statement Lines** pane shows either imported bank transactions or ledger entries with outstanding payments.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="697e7-113">The **Bank Statement Lines** pane shows either imported bank transactions or ledger entries with outstanding payments.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="697e7-114">The **Bank Account Ledger Entries** pane shows the ledger entries in the bank account.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="697e7-114">The **Bank Account Ledger Entries** pane shows the ledger entries in the bank account.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="697e7-115">The activity of finding and applying entries to be reconciled is referred to as *matching*.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="697e7-115">The activity of finding and applying entries to be reconciled is referred to as *matching*.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="697e7-116">You can choose to perform matching automatically by using the **Match Automatically** function.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="697e7-116">You can choose to perform matching automatically by using the **Match Automatically** function.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="697e7-117">Alternatively, you can manually select lines in both panes to link each bank statement line to one or more related bank account ledger entries, and then use the **Match Manually** function.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="697e7-117">Alternatively, you can manually select lines in both panes to link each bank statement line to one or more related bank account ledger entries, and then use the **Match Manually** function.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="697e7-118">The **Applied** checkbox is selected on lines where entries match.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="697e7-118">The **Applied** checkbox is selected on lines where entries match.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="697e7-119">You can fill in the **Bank Statement Lines** pane in the **Bank Acc. Reconciliation** window in the following ways:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="697e7-119">You can fill in the **Bank Statement Lines** pane in the **Bank Acc. Reconciliation** window in the following ways:</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="697e7-120">Automatically, by using the **Import Bank Statement** function to fill the lines according to actual bank statements based on a file provided by the bank.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="697e7-120">Automatically, by using the **Import Bank Statement** function to fill the lines according to actual bank statements based on a file provided by the bank.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="697e7-121">Manually, by using the **Suggest Lines** function to fill the lines with ledger entries for invoices that have outstanding payments.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="697e7-121">Manually, by using the **Suggest Lines** function to fill the lines with ledger entries for invoices that have outstanding payments.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="697e7-122">When the value in the **Total Balance** field in the **Bank Statement Lines** pane equals the value in the **Balance To Reconcile** field in the **Bank Account Ledger Entries** pane, you can choose the **Post** action to reconcile the applied bank account ledger entries.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="697e7-122">When the value in the **Total Balance** field in the **Bank Statement Lines** pane equals the value in the **Balance To Reconcile** field in the **Bank Account Ledger Entries** pane, you can choose the **Post** action to reconcile the applied bank account ledger entries.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="697e7-123">Any non-applied bank account ledger entries will remain in the window, indicating that payments processed for the bank account are not reflected in the latest bank statement, or that some payments were received on checks.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="697e7-123">Any non-applied bank account ledger entries will remain in the window, indicating that payments processed for the bank account are not reflected in the latest bank statement, or that some payments were received on checks.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="697e7-124">**Note**: If bank statement lines relate to cheque ledger entries, then you cannot use the matching functions.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="697e7-124">**Note**: If bank statement lines relate to check ledger entries, then you cannot use the matching functions.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="697e7-125">Instead, you must choose the **Apply Entries** action, and then select the relevant cheque ledger entry to match the bank statement line with.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="697e7-125">Instead, you must choose the **Apply Entries** action, and then select the relevant check ledger entry to match the bank statement line with.</span></span>

## <a name="to-fill-bank-reconciliation-lines-by-importing-a-bank-statement"></a><span data-ttu-id="697e7-126">To fill bank reconciliation lines by importing a bank statement</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="697e7-126">To fill bank reconciliation lines by importing a bank statement</span></span>  
1. <span data-ttu-id="697e7-127">In the top right corner, choose the **Search for Page or Report** icon, enter **Bank Account Reconciliation**, and then choose the related link.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="697e7-127">In the top right corner, choose the **Search for Page or Report** icon, enter **Bank Account Reconciliation**, and then choose the related link.</span></span>
2. <span data-ttu-id="697e7-128">Choose the **New** action.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="697e7-128">Choose the **New** action.</span></span>
3. <span data-ttu-id="697e7-129">In the **Bank Account No.**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="697e7-129">In the **Bank Account No.**</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="697e7-130">field, select the relevant bank account.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="697e7-130">field, select the relevant bank account.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="697e7-131">The bank account ledger entries that exist on the bank account appear in the **Bank Account Ledger Entries** pane.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="697e7-131">The bank account ledger entries that exist on the bank account appear in the **Bank Account Ledger Entries** pane.</span></span>
4. <span data-ttu-id="697e7-132">In the **Statement Date** field, enter the date of the statement from the bank.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="697e7-132">In the **Statement Date** field, enter the date of the statement from the bank.</span></span>
5. <span data-ttu-id="697e7-133">In the **Statement Ending Balance** field, enter the balance of the statement from the bank.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="697e7-133">In the **Statement Ending Balance** field, enter the balance of the statement from the bank.</span></span>
6. <span data-ttu-id="697e7-134">If you have a bank statement file, choose the **Import Bank Statement** action.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="697e7-134">If you have a bank statement file, choose the **Import Bank Statement** action.</span></span>
7. <span data-ttu-id="697e7-135">Locate the file, and then choose the **Open** button to import the bank transactions into the lines of the **Bank Acc. Reconciliation** window.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="697e7-135">Locate the file, and then choose the **Open** button to import the bank transactions into the lines of the **Bank Acc. Reconciliation** window.</span></span>

## <a name="to-fill-bank-reconciliation-lines-with-the-suggest-lines-function"></a><span data-ttu-id="697e7-136">To fill bank reconciliation lines with the Suggest Lines function</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="697e7-136">To fill bank reconciliation lines with the Suggest Lines function</span></span>
1. <span data-ttu-id="697e7-137">In the **Bank Acc. Reconciliation** window, choose the **Suggest Lines** action.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="697e7-137">In the **Bank Acc. Reconciliation** window, choose the **Suggest Lines** action.</span></span>
2. <span data-ttu-id="697e7-138">In the **Starting Date** field, enter the earliest posting date for the ledger entries to be reconciled.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="697e7-138">In the **Starting Date** field, enter the earliest posting date for the ledger entries to be reconciled.</span></span>
3. <span data-ttu-id="697e7-139">In the **Ending Date** field, enter the latest posting date for the ledger entries to be reconciled.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="697e7-139">In the **Ending Date** field, enter the latest posting date for the ledger entries to be reconciled.</span></span>
4. <span data-ttu-id="697e7-140">Select the **Include Cheques** check box to any suggest cheque ledger entries instead of the corresponding bank account ledger entries.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="697e7-140">Select the **Include Checks** check box to any suggest check ledger entries instead of the corresponding bank account ledger entries.</span></span>
5. <span data-ttu-id="697e7-141">Choose the **OK** button.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="697e7-141">Choose the **OK** button.</span></span>

## <a name="to-match-bank-statement-lines-with-bank-account-ledger-entries-automatically"></a><span data-ttu-id="697e7-142">To match bank statement lines with bank account ledger entries automatically</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="697e7-142">To match bank statement lines with bank account ledger entries automatically</span></span>
1. <span data-ttu-id="697e7-143">In the **Bank Acc. Reconciliation** window, choose the **Match Automatically**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="697e7-143">In the **Bank Acc. Reconciliation** window, choose the **Match Automatically**.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="697e7-144">**The Match Bank Entries** window opens.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="697e7-144">**The Match Bank Entries** window opens.</span></span>
2. <span data-ttu-id="697e7-145">In the **Transaction Date Tolerance (Days)** field, specify the span of days before and after the bank account ledger entry posting date within which the function will search for matching transaction dates in the bank statement.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="697e7-145">In the **Transaction Date Tolerance (Days)** field, specify the span of days before and after the bank account ledger entry posting date within which the function will search for matching transaction dates in the bank statement.</span></span>

    <span data-ttu-id="697e7-146">If you enter 0 or leave the field blank, then the **Match Automatically** function will only search for matching transaction dates on the bank account ledger entry posting date.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="697e7-146">If you enter 0 or leave the field blank, then the **Match Automatically** function will only search for matching transaction dates on the bank account ledger entry posting date.</span></span>  
3. <span data-ttu-id="697e7-147">Choose the **OK** button.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="697e7-147">Choose the **OK** button.</span></span>  
<span data-ttu-id="697e7-148">All bank statement lines and bank account ledger entries that can be matched change to green font, and the **Applied** check box is selected.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="697e7-148">All bank statement lines and bank account ledger entries that can be matched change to green font, and the **Applied** check box is selected.</span></span>
4. <span data-ttu-id="697e7-149">To remove a match, select the bank statement line, and then choose the **Remove Match** action.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="697e7-149">To remove a match, select the bank statement line, and then choose the **Remove Match** action.</span></span>

## <a name="to-match-bank-statement-lines-with-bank-account-ledger-entries-manually"></a><span data-ttu-id="697e7-150">To match bank statement lines with bank account ledger entries manually</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="697e7-150">To match bank statement lines with bank account ledger entries manually</span></span>
1. <span data-ttu-id="697e7-151">In the **Bank Acc. Reconciliation** window, select a non-applied line in the **Bank Statement Lines** pane.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="697e7-151">In the **Bank Acc. Reconciliation** window, select a non-applied line in the **Bank Statement Lines** pane.</span></span>
2. <span data-ttu-id="697e7-152">In the **Bank Account Ledger Entries** pane, select one or more banks account ledger entries that can be matched with the selected bank statement line.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="697e7-152">In the **Bank Account Ledger Entries** pane, select one or more banks account ledger entries that can be matched with the selected bank statement line.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="697e7-153">To choose multiple lines, press and hold the Ctrl key.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="697e7-153">To choose multiple lines, press and hold the Ctrl key.</span></span>  
3. <span data-ttu-id="697e7-154">Choose the **Match Manually** action.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="697e7-154">Choose the **Match Manually** action.</span></span>

    <span data-ttu-id="697e7-155">The selected bank statement line and the selected bank account ledger entries change to green font, and the **Applied** check box in the right pane is selected.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="697e7-155">The selected bank statement line and the selected bank account ledger entries change to green font, and the **Applied** check box in the right pane is selected.</span></span>
4. <span data-ttu-id="697e7-156">Repeat steps 1 through 3 for all bank statement lines that are not matched.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="697e7-156">Repeat steps 1 through 3 for all bank statement lines that are not matched.</span></span>
5. <span data-ttu-id="697e7-157">To remove a match, select the bank statement line, and then choose the **Remove Match** action.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="697e7-157">To remove a match, select the bank statement line, and then choose the **Remove Match** action.</span></span>

## <a name="to-create-missing-ledger-entries-to-match-bank-transactions-with"></a><span data-ttu-id="697e7-158">To create missing ledger entries to match bank transactions with</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="697e7-158">To create missing ledger entries to match bank transactions with</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="697e7-159">Sometimes a bank statement contain amounts for interest or fees charged.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="697e7-159">Sometimes a bank statement contain amounts for interest or fees charged.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="697e7-160">Such bank transactions cannot be matched because no related ledger entries exist in Dynamics NAV.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="697e7-160">Such bank transactions cannot be matched because no related ledger entries exist in Dynamics NAV.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="697e7-161">You must then post a journal line for each transaction to create a related ledger entry that it can be matched with.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="697e7-161">You must then post a journal line for each transaction to create a related ledger entry that it can be matched with.</span></span>

1. <span data-ttu-id="697e7-162">In the **Bank Acc. Reconciliation** window, choose the **Transfer to General Journal** action.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="697e7-162">In the **Bank Acc. Reconciliation** window, choose the **Transfer to General Journal** action.</span></span>  
2. <span data-ttu-id="697e7-163">In the **Trans. Bank Rec. to Gen. Jnl.**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="697e7-163">In the **Trans. Bank Rec. to Gen. Jnl.**</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="697e7-164">window, specify which general journal to use, and then choose the **OK** button.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="697e7-164">window, specify which general journal to use, and then choose the **OK** button.</span></span>

    <span data-ttu-id="697e7-165">The **General Journal** window opens containing new journal lines for any banks statement lines with missing ledger entries.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="697e7-165">The **General Journal** window opens containing new journal lines for any banks statement lines with missing ledger entries.</span></span>
3. <span data-ttu-id="697e7-166">Complete the journal line with relevant information, such as the balancing account.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="697e7-166">Complete the journal line with relevant information, such as the balancing account.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="697e7-167">For more information, see [Work with General Journals](ui-work-general-journals.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="697e7-167">For more information, see [Work with General Journals](ui-work-general-journals.md).</span></span>  
4. <span data-ttu-id="697e7-168">Choose the **Post** action.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="697e7-168">Choose the **Post** action.</span></span>  
<span data-ttu-id="697e7-169">When the entry is posted, proceed to match the bank transaction with to it.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="697e7-169">When the entry is posted, proceed to match the bank transaction with to it.</span></span>
5. <span data-ttu-id="697e7-170">Refresh or reopen the **Bank Acc. Reconciliation** window.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="697e7-170">Refresh or reopen the **Bank Acc. Reconciliation** window.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="697e7-171">The new ledger entry will appear in the **Bank Account Ledger Entries** pane.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="697e7-171">The new ledger entry will appear in the **Bank Account Ledger Entries** pane.</span></span>
6. <span data-ttu-id="697e7-172">Match the bank statement line with the bank account ledger entry, either manually or automatically.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="697e7-172">Match the bank statement line with the bank account ledger entry, either manually or automatically.</span></span>

## <a name="see-also"></a><span data-ttu-id="697e7-173">See Also</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="697e7-173">See Also</span></span>  
[<span data-ttu-id="697e7-174">Manage Bank Accounts</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="697e7-174">Manage Bank Accounts</span></span>](bank-manage-bank-accounts.md)  
[<span data-ttu-id="697e7-175">Set Up Banking</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="697e7-175">Set Up Banking</span></span>](bank-setup-banking.md)

