---
title: 'How to: Acquire Fixed Assets'
author: SorenGP
ms.custom: na
ms.date: 09/22/2016
ms.reviewer: na
ms.suite: na
ms.tgt_pltfrm: na
ms.topic: article
ms-prod: dynamics-nav-2017
ms.translationtype: Human Translation
ms.sourcegitcommit: 51adfb3588099c496f0946ff71da5c6fe518f070
ms.openlocfilehash: 5b58a6cf0a0c22c8076082328f92725cb7dbc4d1
ms.contentlocale: en-gb
ms.lasthandoff: 06/26/2017

---

# <a name="how-to-acquire-fixed-assets"></a><span data-ttu-id="3317e-102">How to: Acquire Fixed Assets</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3317e-102">How to: Acquire Fixed Assets</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="3317e-103">For each fixed asset, you must set up a card containing information about the asset.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3317e-103">For each fixed asset, you must set up a card containing information about the asset.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="3317e-104">You can set up buildings or production equipment as a main asset with a component list, and you can group them in various ways, such as by class, department, or location.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3317e-104">You can set up buildings or production equipment as a main asset with a component list, and you can group them in various ways, such as by class, department, or location.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="3317e-105">A depreciation book must be set up and assigned to each fixed asset before you can acquire it.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3317e-105">A depreciation book must be set up and assigned to each fixed asset before you can acquire it.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="3317e-106">When a fixed asset is set up and a depreciation book assigned, you must acquire the fixed asset.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3317e-106">When a fixed asset is set up and a depreciation book assigned, you must acquire the fixed asset.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="3317e-107">To acquire a fixed asset, you record its acquisition cost in the relevant G/L account, bank account, or vendor by posting an acquisition transaction from the **Fixed Asset G/L Journal** window.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3317e-107">To acquire a fixed asset, you record its acquisition cost in the relevant G/L account, bank account, or vendor by posting an acquisition transaction from the **Fixed Asset G/L Journal** window.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="3317e-108">You can use the **Assisted Fixed Asset Acquisition** window to create and post the required general journal lines automatically.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3317e-108">You can use the **Assisted Fixed Asset Acquisition** window to create and post the required general journal lines automatically.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="3317e-109">The salvage value is the residual value of a fixed asset when it can no longer be used.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3317e-109">The salvage value is the residual value of a fixed asset when it can no longer be used.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="3317e-110">You can post the salvage value at the same time as you post the acquisition cost.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3317e-110">You can post the salvage value at the same time as you post the acquisition cost.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="3317e-111">For more information, see [How to: Depreciate or Amortize Fixed Assets](fa-how-depreciate-amortize.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3317e-111">For more information, see [How to: Depreciate or Amortize Fixed Assets](fa-how-depreciate-amortize.md).</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="3317e-112">Indexation is used to adjust values for general price-level changes.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3317e-112">Indexation is used to adjust values for general price-level changes.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="3317e-113">The **Index Fixed Assets** batch job can be used to calculate the acquisition costs at replacement costs.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3317e-113">The **Index Fixed Assets** batch job can be used to calculate the acquisition costs at replacement costs.</span></span>

## <a name="to-create-a-fixed-asset-and-acquire-it-automatically"></a><span data-ttu-id="3317e-114">To create a fixed asset and acquire it automatically</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3317e-114">To create a fixed asset and acquire it automatically</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="3317e-115">The following procedure describes how to create a fixed asset and then acquire it by using the **Assisted Fixed Asset Acquisition** window to create and post the required fixed asset G/L journal lines.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3317e-115">The following procedure describes how to create a fixed asset and then acquire it by using the **Assisted Fixed Asset Acquisition** window to create and post the required fixed asset G/L journal lines.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="3317e-116">You can also create and post the journal lines manually.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3317e-116">You can also create and post the journal lines manually.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="3317e-117">For more information, see the "To post a fixed asset acquisition manually with the fixed asset G/L journal" section.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3317e-117">For more information, see the "To post a fixed asset acquisition manually with the fixed asset G/L journal" section.</span></span>

1. <span data-ttu-id="3317e-118">In the top right corner, choose the **Search for Page or Report** icon, enter **Fixed Assets**, and then choose the related link.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3317e-118">In the top right corner, choose the **Search for Page or Report** icon, enter **Fixed Assets**, and then choose the related link.</span></span>  
2. <span data-ttu-id="3317e-119">Choose the **New** action, and then fill in the fields on the **General** FastTab as necessary.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3317e-119">Choose the **New** action, and then fill in the fields on the **General** FastTab as necessary.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="3317e-120">Choose a field to read a short description of the field or link to more information.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3317e-120">Choose a field to read a short description of the field or link to more information.</span></span>
3. <span data-ttu-id="3317e-121">On the **Depreciation Book** FastTab, fill in the fields as necessary.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3317e-121">On the **Depreciation Book** FastTab, fill in the fields as necessary.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="3317e-122">This step assigns a depreciation book to the fixed asset.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3317e-122">This step assigns a depreciation book to the fixed asset.</span></span>  
4. <span data-ttu-id="3317e-123">If you need to assign more than one depreciation book to the fixed asset, choose the **Add More Depreciation Books** action.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3317e-123">If you need to assign more than one depreciation book to the fixed asset, choose the **Add More Depreciation Books** action.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="3317e-124">For more information, see the "To assign a depreciation book to a fixed asset" section in [How to: Set Up Fixed Asset Depreciation](fa-how-setup-depreciation.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3317e-124">For more information, see the "To assign a depreciation book to a fixed asset" section in [How to: Set Up Fixed Asset Depreciation](fa-how-setup-depreciation.md).</span></span>

    <span data-ttu-id="3317e-125">When all fields required to acquire a fixed asset are filled in, the **You are ready to acquire the fixed asset. Acquire** notification appears at the top of the page.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3317e-125">When all fields required to acquire a fixed asset are filled in, the **You are ready to acquire the fixed asset. Acquire** notification appears at the top of the page.</span></span>
5. <span data-ttu-id="3317e-126">Choose the **Acquire** action in the notification.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3317e-126">Choose the **Acquire** action in the notification.</span></span>
6. <span data-ttu-id="3317e-127">Follow the steps in the **Assisted Fixed Asset Acquisition** window to complete the automatic acquisition of the fixed asset.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3317e-127">Follow the steps in the **Assisted Fixed Asset Acquisition** window to complete the automatic acquisition of the fixed asset.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="3317e-128">**Note**: You can also post acquisition cost as credits.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3317e-128">**Note**: You can also post acquisition cost as credits.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="3317e-129">In that case, remember that the value in the **Acquisition Cost Incl. VAT** field must be with a minus sign to indicate a credit.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3317e-129">In that case, remember that the value in the **Acquisition Cost Incl. VAT** field must be with a minus sign to indicate a credit.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="3317e-130">When you choose **Finish**, the **Book Value** field in the **Fixed Asset Card** window is filled, indicating that the fixed asset has been acquired at the specified acquisition cost.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3317e-130">When you choose **Finish**, the **Book Value** field in the **Fixed Asset Card** window is filled, indicating that the fixed asset has been acquired at the specified acquisition cost.</span></span>  

## <a name="to-set-up-a-component-list-for-a-main-asset"></a><span data-ttu-id="3317e-131">To set up a component list for a main asset</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3317e-131">To set up a component list for a main asset</span></span>  
<span data-ttu-id="3317e-132">You can group your fixed assets into main assets and their components.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3317e-132">You can group your fixed assets into main assets and their components.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="3317e-133">For example, you may have a production machine that consists of many parts that you want to group in this manner.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3317e-133">For example, you may have a production machine that consists of many parts that you want to group in this manner.</span></span>  

<span data-ttu-id="3317e-134">Both the main asset and all its components must be set up as individual fixed asset cards.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3317e-134">Both the main asset and all its components must be set up as individual fixed asset cards.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="3317e-135">After you have set up a component list, Dynamics NAV automatically fills in the **Main Assets/Component** and **Components of Main Asset** fields on the fixed asset cards.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3317e-135">After you have set up a component list, Dynamics NAV automatically fills in the **Main Assets/Component** and **Components of Main Asset** fields on the fixed asset cards.</span></span>

1. <span data-ttu-id="3317e-136">In the top right corner, choose the **Search for Page or Report** icon, enter **Fixed Assets**, and then choose the related link.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3317e-136">In the top right corner, choose the **Search for Page or Report** icon, enter **Fixed Assets**, and then choose the related link.</span></span>
2. <span data-ttu-id="3317e-137">Select the fixed asset that is the main asset, and then choose the **Main Asset Components** action.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3317e-137">Select the fixed asset that is the main asset, and then choose the **Main Asset Components** action.</span></span>
3. <span data-ttu-id="3317e-138">In the **Main Asset Components** window, choose the **FA No**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3317e-138">In the **Main Asset Components** window, choose the **FA No**.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="3317e-139">field, and then select the fixed asset that you want to add as a component of the main asset.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3317e-139">field, and then select the fixed asset that you want to add as a component of the main asset.</span></span>
4. <span data-ttu-id="3317e-140">Close the window.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3317e-140">Close the window.</span></span>
5. <span data-ttu-id="3317e-141">Repeat steps 3 and 4 for each component asset that you want to add.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3317e-141">Repeat steps 3 and 4 for each component asset that you want to add.</span></span>
6. <span data-ttu-id="3317e-142">In the top right corner, choose the **Search for Page or Report** icon, enter **Fixed Asset Setup**, and then choose the related link.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3317e-142">In the top right corner, choose the **Search for Page or Report** icon, enter **Fixed Asset Setup**, and then choose the related link.</span></span>
7. <span data-ttu-id="3317e-143">Select the **Allow Posting to Main Assets** check box.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3317e-143">Select the **Allow Posting to Main Assets** check box.</span></span>

## <a name="to-post-a-fixed-asset-acquisition-manually-with-the-fixed-asset-gl-journal"></a><span data-ttu-id="3317e-144">To post a fixed asset acquisition manually with the fixed asset G/L journal</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3317e-144">To post a fixed asset acquisition manually with the fixed asset G/L journal</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="3317e-145">The following procedure describes how to acquire a fixed asset manually by creating and posting lines in the **Fixed Asset G/L Journal** window.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3317e-145">The following procedure describes how to acquire a fixed asset manually by creating and posting lines in the **Fixed Asset G/L Journal** window.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="3317e-146">You can also acquire a fixed asset automatically by using the **Assisted Fixed Asset Acquisition** window.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3317e-146">You can also acquire a fixed asset automatically by using the **Assisted Fixed Asset Acquisition** window.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="3317e-147">For more information, see step 5 in the "To create a fixed asset and acquire it automatically" section.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3317e-147">For more information, see step 5 in the "To create a fixed asset and acquire it automatically" section.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="3317e-148">**Note**: You can also post acquisition cost as credits.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3317e-148">**Note**: You can also post acquisition cost as credits.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="3317e-149">In that case, remember that the value in the **Amount** field must be with a minus sign to indicate a credit.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3317e-149">In that case, remember that the value in the **Amount** field must be with a minus sign to indicate a credit.</span></span>

1. <span data-ttu-id="3317e-150">In the top right corner, choose the **Search for Page or Report** icon, enter **FA G/L Journals**, and then choose the related link.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3317e-150">In the top right corner, choose the **Search for Page or Report** icon, enter **FA G/L Journals**, and then choose the related link.</span></span>
2. <span data-ttu-id="3317e-151">In the **Fixed Asset G/L Journal** window, in the **FA Posting Type** field, select **Acquisition Cost**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3317e-151">In the **Fixed Asset G/L Journal** window, in the **FA Posting Type** field, select **Acquisition Cost**.</span></span>
3. <span data-ttu-id="3317e-152">Fill in the remaining fields as necessary.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3317e-152">Fill in the remaining fields as necessary.</span></span>
4. <span data-ttu-id="3317e-153">Choose the **Post** action.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3317e-153">Choose the **Post** action.</span></span>  

<span data-ttu-id="3317e-154">**Tip**: If you fill in the **Insurance No.**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3317e-154">**Tip**: If you fill in the **Insurance No.**</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="3317e-155">field in the fixed asset G/L journal when you post an acquisition cost, then Dynamics NAV will also post the acquisition cost of the fixed asset to the insurance coverage ledger.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3317e-155">field in the fixed asset G/L journal when you post an acquisition cost, then Dynamics NAV will also post the acquisition cost of the fixed asset to the insurance coverage ledger.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="3317e-156">For more information, see [How to: Insure Fixed Assets](fa-how-insure.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3317e-156">For more information, see [How to: Insure Fixed Assets](fa-how-insure.md).</span></span>

## <a name="to-cancel-an-acquisition-cost-posting-for-one-fixed-asset"></a><span data-ttu-id="3317e-157">To cancel an acquisition cost posting for one fixed asset</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3317e-157">To cancel an acquisition cost posting for one fixed asset</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="3317e-158">If you make an error when posting an acquisition cost, you can remove the entry with the **Cancel FA Entries** batch job and then post the correct acquisition entry.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3317e-158">If you make an error when posting an acquisition cost, you can remove the entry with the **Cancel FA Entries** batch job and then post the correct acquisition entry.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="3317e-159">The erroneous entries are transferred to the **FA Error Ledger Entries** window.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3317e-159">The erroneous entries are transferred to the **FA Error Ledger Entries** window.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="3317e-160">For example, if you post an acquisition with the wrong date, you must correct it as soon as possible because the fixed asset posting date is used is many critical calculations.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3317e-160">For example, if you post an acquisition with the wrong date, you must correct it as soon as possible because the fixed asset posting date is used is many critical calculations.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="3317e-161">**Important**: You cannot use the **Reverse Transactions** function for fixed asset entries.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3317e-161">**Important**: You cannot use the **Reverse Transactions** function for fixed asset entries.</span></span>

1. <span data-ttu-id="3317e-162">In the top right corner, choose the **Search for Page or Report** icon, enter **Cancel FA Entries**, and then choose the related link.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3317e-162">In the top right corner, choose the **Search for Page or Report** icon, enter **Cancel FA Entries**, and then choose the related link.</span></span>
2. <span data-ttu-id="3317e-163">Fill in the fields as necessary.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3317e-163">Fill in the fields as necessary.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="3317e-164">Choose a field to read a short description of the field or link to more information.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3317e-164">Choose a field to read a short description of the field or link to more information.</span></span>
3. <span data-ttu-id="3317e-165">Choose the **OK** button to run the batch job.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3317e-165">Choose the **OK** button to run the batch job.</span></span>
4. <span data-ttu-id="3317e-166">When the incorrect entry or entries are cancelled, proceed to post the correct acquisition cost.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3317e-166">When the incorrect entry or entries are canceled, proceed to post the correct acquisition cost.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="3317e-167">To cancel ledger entries for multiple fixed assets at a time, use the **Cancel FA Ledger Entries** batch job.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3317e-167">To cancel ledger entries for multiple fixed assets at a time, use the **Cancel FA Ledger Entries** batch job.</span></span>

## <a name="to-post-the-salvage-value-together-with-the-acquisition-cost"></a><span data-ttu-id="3317e-168">To post the salvage value together with the acquisition cost</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3317e-168">To post the salvage value together with the acquisition cost</span></span>  
<span data-ttu-id="3317e-169">You can post the salvage value together with the acquisition cost from a fixed asset G/L journal.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3317e-169">You can post the salvage value together with the acquisition cost from a fixed asset G/L journal.</span></span>    

1. <span data-ttu-id="3317e-170">In the top right corner, choose the **Search for Page or Report** icon, enter **Cancel FA Entries**, and then choose the related link.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3317e-170">In the top right corner, choose the **Search for Page or Report** icon, enter **Cancel FA Entries**, and then choose the related link.</span></span>
2. <span data-ttu-id="3317e-171">Create the acquisition journal line.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3317e-171">Create the acquisition journal line.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="3317e-172">For more information, see the "To post a fixed asset acquisition manually with the fixed asset G/L journal" section.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3317e-172">For more information, see the "To post a fixed asset acquisition manually with the fixed asset G/L journal" section.</span></span>
3. <span data-ttu-id="3317e-173">In the **Salvage Value** field on the journal line, enter the salvage value amount as a credit (with a minus sign).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3317e-173">In the **Salvage Value** field on the journal line, enter the salvage value amount as a credit (with a minus sign).</span></span>
4. <span data-ttu-id="3317e-174">Choose the **Post** action.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3317e-174">Choose the **Post** action.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="3317e-175">**Note**: The **Salvage Value** posting type is an option in the **Fixed Asset Journal** window only.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3317e-175">**Note**: The **Salvage Value** posting type is an option in the **Fixed Asset Journal** window only.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="3317e-176">It is not available in the **Fixed Asset G/L Journal** window because salvage value is never posted to the general ledger.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3317e-176">It is not available in the **Fixed Asset G/L Journal** window because salvage value is never posted to the general ledger.</span></span>

## <a name="see-also"></a><span data-ttu-id="3317e-177">See Also</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3317e-177">See Also</span></span>
[<span data-ttu-id="3317e-178">Manage Fixed Assets</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3317e-178">Manage Fixed Assets</span></span>](fa-manage.md)  
[<span data-ttu-id="3317e-179">Set Up Fixed Assets</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3317e-179">Set Up Fixed Assets</span></span>](fa-setup.md)  
[<span data-ttu-id="3317e-180">Finance</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3317e-180">Finance</span></span>](finance-setup.md)  
[<span data-ttu-id="3317e-181">Welcome to Dynamics NAV</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3317e-181">Welcome to Dynamics NAV</span></span>](across-get-started.md)

