---
title: 'How to: Set Up Fixed Asset Depreciation'
author: SorenGP
ms.custom: na
ms.date: 09/22/2016
ms.reviewer: na
ms.suite: na
ms.tgt_pltfrm: na
ms.topic: article
ms-prod: dynamics-nav-2017
ms.translationtype: Human Translation
ms.sourcegitcommit: 51adfb3588099c496f0946ff71da5c6fe518f070
ms.openlocfilehash: 7efc50c673514498de0caa5b3a2dc4b32d4f7f5d
ms.contentlocale: en-gb
ms.lasthandoff: 06/26/2017

---

# <a name="how-to-set-up-fixed-asset-depreciation"></a><span data-ttu-id="30712-102">How to: Set Up Fixed Asset Depreciation</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="30712-102">How to: Set Up Fixed Asset Depreciation</span></span>
 <span data-ttu-id="30712-103">You can use various methods of depreciation for preparing financial statements and income VAT returns.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="30712-103">You can use various methods of depreciation for preparing financial statements and income tax returns.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="30712-104">Many large corporations use straight-line depreciation in their financial statements because this generally permits reporting higher earnings.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="30712-104">Many large corporations use straight-line depreciation in their financial statements because this generally permits reporting higher earnings.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="30712-105">For income VAT purposes, however, many businesses use an accelerated depreciation method.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="30712-105">For income tax purposes, however, many businesses use an accelerated depreciation method.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="30712-106">For more information, see [Depreciation Methods](fa-depreciation-methods.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="30712-106">For more information, see [Depreciation Methods](fa-depreciation-methods.md).</span></span>

 <span data-ttu-id="30712-107">When you have created the relevant depreciation books, you must assign one or more depreciation books to each fixed asset.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="30712-107">When you have created the relevant depreciation books, you must assign one or more depreciation books to each fixed asset.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="30712-108">A depreciation book that is assigned to a fixed asset is referred to as a fixed asset depreciation book.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="30712-108">A depreciation book that is assigned to a fixed asset is referred to as a fixed asset depreciation book.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="30712-109">Accordingly, the window for assigned depreciation books is called **FA Depreciation Books**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="30712-109">Accordingly, the window for assigned depreciation books is called **FA Depreciation Books**.</span></span>

## <a name="to-create-a-depreciation-book"></a><span data-ttu-id="30712-110">To create a depreciation book</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="30712-110">To create a depreciation book</span></span>  
<span data-ttu-id="30712-111">In a fixed asset depreciation book, you specify how fixed assets are depreciated.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="30712-111">In a fixed asset depreciation book, you specify how fixed assets are depreciated.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="30712-112">To accommodate various methods of depreciation, you can set up multiple depreciation books.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="30712-112">To accommodate various methods of depreciation, you can set up multiple depreciation books.</span></span>  
1.  <span data-ttu-id="30712-113">In the top right corner, choose the **Search for Page or Report** icon, enter **Depreciation Books**, and then choose the related link.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="30712-113">In the top right corner, choose the **Search for Page or Report** icon, enter **Depreciation Books**, and then choose the related link.</span></span>
2. <span data-ttu-id="30712-114">In the **Depreciation Books List** window, choose the **New** action.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="30712-114">In the **Depreciation Books List** window, choose the **New** action.</span></span>
3. <span data-ttu-id="30712-115">In the **Depreciation Book Card** window, fill in the fields as necessary.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="30712-115">In the **Depreciation Book Card** window, fill in the fields as necessary.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="30712-116">Choose a field to read a short description of the field or link to more information.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="30712-116">Choose a field to read a short description of the field or link to more information.</span></span>

    <span data-ttu-id="30712-117">**Note**: You can record fixed asset transactions in the **Fixed Asset G/L Journal** window or in the **Fixed Asset Journal** window, depending on whether the transactions are for financial reporting or for internal management.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="30712-117">**Note**: You can record fixed asset transactions in the **Fixed Asset G/L Journal** window or in the **Fixed Asset Journal** window, depending on whether the transactions are for financial reporting or for internal management.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="30712-118">Follow the next step to define which type of journal is used for the different fixed asset activities by default.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="30712-118">Follow the next step to define which type of journal is used for the different fixed asset activities by default.</span></span>
4. <span data-ttu-id="30712-119">On the **Integration** FastTab, select the check box for each fixed asset activity whose transactions you want to post using the **Fixed Asset G/L Journal** window.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="30712-119">On the **Integration** FastTab, select the check box for each fixed asset activity whose transactions you want to post using the **Fixed Asset G/L Journal** window.</span></span>
5. <span data-ttu-id="30712-120">Repeat steps 2 through 4 for each depreciation method or posting method that you want to assign to fixed assets as a depreciation book.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="30712-120">Repeat steps 2 through 4 for each depreciation method or posting method that you want to assign to fixed assets as a depreciation book.</span></span>

## <a name="to-assign-a-depreciation-book-to-a-fixed-asset"></a><span data-ttu-id="30712-121">To assign a depreciation book to a fixed asset</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="30712-121">To assign a depreciation book to a fixed asset</span></span>  
1. <span data-ttu-id="30712-122">In the top right corner, choose the **Search for Page or Report** icon, enter **Fixed Assets**, and then choose the related link.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="30712-122">In the top right corner, choose the **Search for Page or Report** icon, enter **Fixed Assets**, and then choose the related link.</span></span>
2. <span data-ttu-id="30712-123">Select the fixed asset that you want to set up a fixed asset depreciation book for.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="30712-123">Select the fixed asset that you want to set up a fixed asset depreciation book for.</span></span>
3. <span data-ttu-id="30712-124">On the **Depreciation Book** FastTab, fill in the fields as necessary.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="30712-124">On the **Depreciation Book** FastTab, fill in the fields as necessary.</span></span>
4. <span data-ttu-id="30712-125">If you need to assign more than one depreciation book to the fixed asset, choose the **Add More Depreciation Books** action.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="30712-125">If you need to assign more than one depreciation book to the fixed asset, choose the **Add More Depreciation Books** action.</span></span>
5. <span data-ttu-id="30712-126">Alternatively, choose the **Depreciation Books** action to specify one or more fixed asset depreciation books.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="30712-126">Alternatively, choose the **Depreciation Books** action to specify one or more fixed asset depreciation books.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="30712-127">**Note**: When you use the manual depreciation method, you must enter depreciation manually in the fixed asset G/L journal.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="30712-127">**Note**: When you use the manual depreciation method, you must enter depreciation manually in the fixed asset G/L journal.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="30712-128">The **Calculate Depreciation** function omits fixed assets that use the manual depreciation method.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="30712-128">The **Calculate Depreciation** function omits fixed assets that use the manual depreciation method.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="30712-129">You can use this method for assets that are not subject to depreciation, such as land.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="30712-129">You can use this method for assets that are not subject to depreciation, such as land.</span></span>

## <a name="to-assign-a-depreciation-book-to-multiple-fixed-assets-with-a-batch-job"></a><span data-ttu-id="30712-130">To assign a depreciation book to multiple fixed assets with a batch job</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="30712-130">To assign a depreciation book to multiple fixed assets with a batch job</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="30712-131">If you want to assign a depreciation book to several fixed assets, you can use the **Create FA Depreciation Books** batch job to have Dynamics NAV automatically create the necessary fixed assets depreciation books.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="30712-131">If you want to assign a depreciation book to several fixed assets, you can use the **Create FA Depreciation Books** batch job to have Dynamics NAV automatically create the necessary fixed assets depreciation books.</span></span>  
1. <span data-ttu-id="30712-132">In the top right corner, choose the **Search for Page or Report** icon, enter **Fixed Assets**, and then choose the related link.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="30712-132">In the top right corner, choose the **Search for Page or Report** icon, enter **Fixed Assets**, and then choose the related link.</span></span>
2. <span data-ttu-id="30712-133">Select the fixed asset that you want to set up a assign a depreciation book to, and then choose the **Edit** action.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="30712-133">Select the fixed asset that you want to set up a assign a depreciation book to, and then choose the **Edit** action.</span></span>
3. <span data-ttu-id="30712-134">In the **Depreciation Book Card** window, choose the **Create FA Depreciation Books** action.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="30712-134">In the **Depreciation Book Card** window, choose the **Create FA Depreciation Books** action.</span></span>
4. <span data-ttu-id="30712-135">In the **Create FA Depreciation Books** window, fill in the **Depreciation Book** field.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="30712-135">In the **Create FA Depreciation Books** window, fill in the **Depreciation Book** field.</span></span>
5. <span data-ttu-id="30712-136">Choose the **Copy from FA No.**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="30712-136">Choose the **Copy from FA No.**</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="30712-137">field, and then select the fixed asset number that you want to use as the basis for creating new fixed asset depreciation books.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="30712-137">field, and then select the fixed asset number that you want to use as the basis for creating new fixed asset depreciation books.</span></span>

    <span data-ttu-id="30712-138">If you fill in this field, the depreciation fields in the new fixed asset depreciation books will contain the same information as the corresponding fields in the fixed asset depreciation book that you copy from.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="30712-138">If you fill in this field, the depreciation fields in the new fixed asset depreciation books will contain the same information as the corresponding fields in the fixed asset depreciation book that you copy from.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="30712-139">Leave the field blank if you want to create new fixed asset depreciation books with empty depreciation fields.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="30712-139">Leave the field blank if you want to create new fixed asset depreciation books with empty depreciation fields.</span></span>  
6. <span data-ttu-id="30712-140">On the **Fixed Asset** FastTab, you can set a filter to select the assets that you want to create the fixed asset depreciation books for.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="30712-140">On the **Fixed Asset** FastTab, you can set a filter to select the assets that you want to create the fixed asset depreciation books for.</span></span>
7. <span data-ttu-id="30712-141">Choose the **OK** button.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="30712-141">Choose the **OK** button.</span></span>

## <a name="to-set-up-depreciation-posting-types"></a><span data-ttu-id="30712-142">To set up depreciation posting types</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="30712-142">To set up depreciation posting types</span></span>  
<span data-ttu-id="30712-143">For each depreciation book, you must set up how you want Dynamics NAV to handle various posting types.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="30712-143">For each depreciation book, you must set up how you want Dynamics NAV to handle various posting types.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="30712-144">For example, whether posting should be debit or credit and whether the posting type should be included in the depreciable basis.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="30712-144">For example, whether posting should be debit or credit and whether the posting type should be included in the depreciable basis.</span></span>  
1.  <span data-ttu-id="30712-145">In the top right corner, choose the **Search for Page or Report** icon, enter **Depreciation Books**, and then choose the related link.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="30712-145">In the top right corner, choose the **Search for Page or Report** icon, enter **Depreciation Books**, and then choose the related link.</span></span>  
2. <span data-ttu-id="30712-146">Select the depreciation book that you want to set up, and them choose the **FA Posting Type Setup** action.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="30712-146">Select the depreciation book that you want to set up, and them choose the **FA Posting Type Setup** action.</span></span>
3. <span data-ttu-id="30712-147">In the **FA Posting Type Setup** window, fill in the fields as necessary.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="30712-147">In the **FA Posting Type Setup** window, fill in the fields as necessary.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="30712-148">**NOTE**: You cannot insert or delete lines in the **FA Posting Type Setup** window.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="30712-148">**NOTE**: You cannot insert or delete lines in the **FA Posting Type Setup** window.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="30712-149">You can only modify the existing lines.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="30712-149">You can only modify the existing lines.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="30712-150">We recommend that you do not change the setup for depreciation books for entries that have already been posted.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="30712-150">We recommend that you do not change the setup for depreciation books for entries that have already been posted.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="30712-151">Changes will not affect the entries that are already posted, which would make depreciation book statistics misleading.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="30712-151">Changes will not affect the entries that are already posted, which would make depreciation book statistics misleading.</span></span>

## <a name="to-set-up-default-templates-and-batches-for-fixed-asset-depreciation"></a><span data-ttu-id="30712-152">To set up default templates and batches for fixed asset depreciation</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="30712-152">To set up default templates and batches for fixed asset depreciation</span></span>  
<span data-ttu-id="30712-153">For each depreciation book, you define a default setup of templates and batches.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="30712-153">For each depreciation book, you define a default setup of templates and batches.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="30712-154">You use these defaults to:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="30712-154">You use these defaults to:</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="30712-155">Duplicate lines from one journal to another.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="30712-155">Duplicate lines from one journal to another.</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="30712-156">Create journal lines using the **Calculate Depreciation** or **Index Fixed Assets** batch jobs.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="30712-156">Create journal lines using the **Calculate Depreciation** or **Index Fixed Assets** batch jobs.</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="30712-157">Duplicate acquisition costs in the insurance journal.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="30712-157">Duplicate acquisition costs in the insurance journal.</span></span>

1. <span data-ttu-id="30712-158">In the top right corner, choose the **Search for Page or Report** icon, enter **Depreciation Books**, and then choose the related link.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="30712-158">In the top right corner, choose the **Search for Page or Report** icon, enter **Depreciation Books**, and then choose the related link.</span></span>
2. <span data-ttu-id="30712-159">Select the depreciation book that you want to define default journals for, and then choose the **FA Journal Setup** action.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="30712-159">Select the depreciation book that you want to define default journals for, and then choose the **FA Journal Setup** action.</span></span>
3. <span data-ttu-id="30712-160">If you want to have a default setup for each user, choose the **User ID** field to select from the **Users** window.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="30712-160">If you want to have a default setup for each user, choose the **User ID** field to select from the **Users** window.</span></span>
4. <span data-ttu-id="30712-161">In the other fields, select the journal template or journal batch that must be used by default.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="30712-161">In the other fields, select the journal template or journal batch that must be used by default.</span></span>

## <a name="see-also"></a><span data-ttu-id="30712-162">See Also</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="30712-162">See Also</span></span>
[<span data-ttu-id="30712-163">Set Up Fixed Assets</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="30712-163">Set Up Fixed Assets</span></span>](fa-setup.md)  
[<span data-ttu-id="30712-164">Manage Fixed Assets</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="30712-164">Manage Fixed Assets</span></span>](fa-manage.md)  
[<span data-ttu-id="30712-165">Finance</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="30712-165">Finance</span></span>](finance-setup.md)  
[<span data-ttu-id="30712-166">Welcome to Dynamics NAV</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="30712-166">Welcome to Dynamics NAV</span></span>](across-get-started.md)

