---
title: 'How to: Depreciate or Amortise Fixed Assets'
author: SorenGP
ms.custom: na
ms.date: 09/22/2016
ms.reviewer: na
ms.suite: na
ms.tgt_pltfrm: na
ms.topic: article
ms-prod: dynamics-nav-2017
ms.translationtype: Human Translation
ms.sourcegitcommit: 51adfb3588099c496f0946ff71da5c6fe518f070
ms.openlocfilehash: af71f30681d436ed5da1cd6cb3c2e13f86558631
ms.contentlocale: en-gb
ms.lasthandoff: 06/26/2017

---

# <a name="how-to-depreciate-or-amortize-fixed-assets"></a><span data-ttu-id="9f951-102">How to: Depreciate or Amortise Fixed Assets</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9f951-102">How to: Depreciate or Amortize Fixed Assets</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="9f951-103">Depreciation is used to allocate the cost of fixed assets, such as machinery and equipment, over their depreciable life.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9f951-103">Depreciation is used to allocate the cost of fixed assets, such as machinery and equipment, over their depreciable life.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="9f951-104">For each fixed asset, you must define how it will be depreciated.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9f951-104">For each fixed asset, you must define how it will be depreciated.</span></span>  

 <span data-ttu-id="9f951-105">There are two ways to post depreciation:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9f951-105">There are two ways to post depreciation:</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="9f951-106">Automatically, by running the **Calculate Depreciation** batch job.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9f951-106">Automatically, by running the **Calculate Depreciation** batch job.</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="9f951-107">Manually, by using the fixed asset G/L journal.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9f951-107">Manually, by using the fixed asset G/L journal.</span></span>  

<span data-ttu-id="9f951-108">Dynamics NAV can calculate daily depreciation, which allows you to calculate depreciation for any period.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9f951-108">Dynamics NAV can calculate daily depreciation, which allows you to calculate depreciation for any period.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="9f951-109">You can therefore analyse current operating results on, for example, a monthly, quarterly, or annual basis.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9f951-109">You can therefore analyze current operating results on, for example, a monthly, quarterly, or annual basis.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="9f951-110">The calculation uses a standard year of 360 days and a standard month of 30 days.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9f951-110">The calculation uses a standard year of 360 days and a standard month of 30 days.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="9f951-111">For more information, see [Depreciation Methods](fa-depreciation-methods.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9f951-111">For more information, see [Depreciation Methods](fa-depreciation-methods.md).</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="9f951-112">If a fixed asset is used by several departments, periodic depreciation can be automatically allocated to these departments according to a user-defined allocation table.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9f951-112">If a fixed asset is used by several departments, periodic depreciation can be automatically allocated to these departments according to a user-defined allocation table.</span></span>  

<span data-ttu-id="9f951-113">You can cancel incorrect depreciation entries with the **Cancel FA Ledger Entries** batch job.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9f951-113">You can cancel incorrect depreciation entries with the **Cancel FA Ledger Entries** batch job.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="9f951-114">After this, you can post the correct amount of depreciation by running the **Calculate Depreciation** batch job again.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9f951-114">After this, you can post the correct amount of depreciation by running the **Calculate Depreciation** batch job again.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="9f951-115">When you correct errors, they are posted as fixed asset error ledger entries.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9f951-115">When you correct errors, they are posted as fixed asset error ledger entries.</span></span>  

<span data-ttu-id="9f951-116">Indexation is used to adjust values for general price-level changes.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9f951-116">Indexation is used to adjust values for general price-level changes.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="9f951-117">The **Index Fixed Assets** batch job can be used to recalculate the depreciation amounts.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9f951-117">The **Index Fixed Assets** batch job can be used to recalculate the depreciation amounts.</span></span>  

## <a name="to-calculate-a-depreciation-automatically"></a><span data-ttu-id="9f951-118">To calculate a depreciation automatically</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9f951-118">To calculate a depreciation automatically</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="9f951-119">Once a month, or whenever you choose, you can run the **Calculate Depreciation** batch job.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9f951-119">Once a month, or whenever you choose, you can run the **Calculate Depreciation** batch job.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="9f951-120">Fixed assets that have been sold, assets that are blocked or inactive, and fixed assets that use the manual depreciation method are ignored.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9f951-120">Fixed assets that have been sold, assets that are blocked or inactive, and fixed assets that use the manual depreciation method are ignored.</span></span>    

1. <span data-ttu-id="9f951-121">In the top right corner, choose the **Search for Page or Report** icon, enter **Calculate Depreciation**, and then choose the related link.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9f951-121">In the top right corner, choose the **Search for Page or Report** icon, enter **Calculate Depreciation**, and then choose the related link.</span></span>  
2. <span data-ttu-id="9f951-122">Fill in the fields as necessary.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9f951-122">Fill in the fields as necessary.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="9f951-123">Choose a field to read a short description of the field or link to more information.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9f951-123">Choose a field to read a short description of the field or link to more information.</span></span>
3. <span data-ttu-id="9f951-124">Choose the **OK** button.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9f951-124">Choose the **OK** button.</span></span>  

    <span data-ttu-id="9f951-125">The batch job calculates the depreciation and creates lines in the fixed asset G/L journal.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9f951-125">The batch job calculates the depreciation and creates lines in the fixed asset G/L journal.</span></span>  
4. <span data-ttu-id="9f951-126">In the top right corner, choose the **Search for Page or Report** icon, enter **FA G/L Journals**, and then choose the related link.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9f951-126">In the top right corner, choose the **Search for Page or Report** icon, enter **FA G/L Journals**, and then choose the related link.</span></span>

    <span data-ttu-id="9f951-127">In the **Fixed Asset G/L Journal** window, in the **No. of Depreciation Days** field you can see how many days of depreciation have been calculated.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9f951-127">In the **Fixed Asset G/L Journal** window, in the **No. of Depreciation Days** field you can see how many days of depreciation have been calculated.</span></span>  
5. <span data-ttu-id="9f951-128">Choose the **Post** action.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9f951-128">Choose the **Post** action.</span></span>

## <a name="to-post-a-depreciation-manually-from-the-fixed-asset-gl-journal"></a><span data-ttu-id="9f951-129">To post a depreciation manually from the fixed asset G/L journal</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9f951-129">To post a depreciation manually from the fixed asset G/L journal</span></span>
1. <span data-ttu-id="9f951-130">In the top right corner, choose the **Search for Page or Report** icon, enter **Fixed Asset G/L Journal**, and then choose the related link.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9f951-130">In the top right corner, choose the **Search for Page or Report** icon, enter **Fixed Asset G/L Journal**, and then choose the related link.</span></span>  
2. <span data-ttu-id="9f951-131">Create an initial journal line and fill in the fields as necessary.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9f951-131">Create an initial journal line and fill in the fields as necessary.</span></span>
3. <span data-ttu-id="9f951-132">In the **FA Posting Type** field, select **Depreciation**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9f951-132">In the **FA Posting Type** field, select **Depreciation**.</span></span>
4. <span data-ttu-id="9f951-133">Choose the **Insert FA Bal. Account** action.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9f951-133">Choose the **Insert FA Bal. Account** action.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="9f951-134">A second journal line is created for the balancing account that is set up for depreciation posting.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9f951-134">A second journal line is created for the balancing account that is set up for depreciation posting.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="9f951-135">For more information, see the "To set up fixed asset posting groups" section in [How to: Set Up General Fixed Asset Information](fa-how-setup-general.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9f951-135">For more information, see the "To set up fixed asset posting groups" section in [How to: Set Up General Fixed Asset Information](fa-how-setup-general.md).</span></span>
5. <span data-ttu-id="9f951-136">On the **Home** tab, choose **Post** to post the journal.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9f951-136">On the **Home** tab, choose **Post** to post the journal.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="9f951-137">If you have set up fixed asset allocation keys to allocate amounts to different departments or projects, then the amounts will be allocated during posting.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9f951-137">If you have set up fixed asset allocation keys to allocate amounts to different departments or projects, then the amounts will be allocated during posting.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="9f951-138">For more information, see [How to: Set Up General Fixed Assets Information](fa-how-setup-general.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9f951-138">For more information, see [How to: Set Up General Fixed Assets Information](fa-how-setup-general.md).</span></span>

## <a name="to-calculate-allocations-in-the-fixed-asset-gl-journal"></a><span data-ttu-id="9f951-139">To calculate allocations in the fixed asset G/L journal</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9f951-139">To calculate allocations in the fixed asset G/L journal</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="9f951-140">If a fixed asset is used by several departments, periodic depreciation can be automatically allocated to these departments according to a user-defined allocation table.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9f951-140">If a fixed asset is used by several departments, periodic depreciation can be automatically allocated to these departments according to a user-defined allocation table.</span></span>  

1. <span data-ttu-id="9f951-141">In the top right corner, choose the **Search for Page or Report** icon, enter **Fixed Asset G/L Journal**, and then choose the related link.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9f951-141">In the top right corner, choose the **Search for Page or Report** icon, enter **Fixed Asset G/L Journal**, and then choose the related link.</span></span>   
<span data-ttu-id="9f951-142">Create an initial line and fill in the fields as necessary.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9f951-142">Create an initial line and fill in the fields as necessary.</span></span>
3. <span data-ttu-id="9f951-143">In the **FA Posting Type** field, select **Allocation**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9f951-143">In the **FA Posting Type** field, select **Allocation**.</span></span>
4. <span data-ttu-id="9f951-144">Choose the **Insert FA Bal. Account** action.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9f951-144">Choose the **Insert FA Bal. Account** action.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="9f951-145">A second journal line is created for the balancing account that is set up for allocation posting.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9f951-145">A second journal line is created for the balancing account that is set up for allocation posting.</span></span>
5. <span data-ttu-id="9f951-146">On the **Home** tab, choose **Post** to post the journal.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9f951-146">On the **Home** tab, choose **Post** to post the journal.</span></span>

## <a name="use-duplication-lists-to-prepare-to-post-to-multiple-depreciation-books"></a><span data-ttu-id="9f951-147">Use duplication lists to prepare to post to multiple depreciation books</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9f951-147">Use duplication lists to prepare to post to multiple depreciation books</span></span>  
<span data-ttu-id="9f951-148">When you fill in journal lines to be posted to a depreciation book, you can duplicate the lines in a separate journal, after which they can be posted to a different depreciation book.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9f951-148">When you fill in journal lines to be posted to a depreciation book, you can duplicate the lines in a separate journal, after which they can be posted to a different depreciation book.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="9f951-149">For more information, see the "To post entries to different depreciation books" section.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9f951-149">For more information, see the "To post entries to different depreciation books" section.</span></span>

1. <span data-ttu-id="9f951-150">In the top right corner, choose the **Search for Page or Report** icon, enter **Depreciation Books**, and then choose the related link.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9f951-150">In the top right corner, choose the **Search for Page or Report** icon, enter **Depreciation Books**, and then choose the related link.</span></span>  
2. <span data-ttu-id="9f951-151">Open the relevant depreciation book, and then select the **Part of Duplication List** check box.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9f951-151">Open the relevant depreciation book, and then select the **Part of Duplication List** check box.</span></span>  

<span data-ttu-id="9f951-152">**Important**: If you have selected the **Use Duplication List** field, do not use number series on the journal.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9f951-152">**Important**: If you have selected the **Use Duplication List** field, do not use number series on the journal.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="9f951-153">The reason is that the number series for the fixed asset G/L journal does not the number series for the fixed asset journal.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9f951-153">The reason is that the number series for the fixed asset G/L journal does not the number series for the fixed asset journal.</span></span>

## <a name="to-post-entries-to-different-depreciation-books"></a><span data-ttu-id="9f951-154">To post entries to different depreciation books</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9f951-154">To post entries to different depreciation books</span></span>  
1. <span data-ttu-id="9f951-155">In the top right corner, choose the **Search for Page or Report** icon, enter **Fixed Asset G/L Journal**, and then choose the related link.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9f951-155">In the top right corner, choose the **Search for Page or Report** icon, enter **Fixed Asset G/L Journal**, and then choose the related link.</span></span>
2. <span data-ttu-id="9f951-156">In the journal that you want to post depreciation with, select the **Use Duplication List** check box.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9f951-156">In the journal that you want to post depreciation with, select the **Use Duplication List** check box.</span></span>
3. <span data-ttu-id="9f951-157">Fill in the remaining fields as necessary.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9f951-157">Fill in the remaining fields as necessary.</span></span>
4. <span data-ttu-id="9f951-158">Choose the **Post** action.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9f951-158">Choose the **Post** action.</span></span>
5. <span data-ttu-id="9f951-159">In the top right corner, choose the **Search for Page or Report** icon, enter **FA Journals**, and then choose the related link.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9f951-159">In the top right corner, choose the **Search for Page or Report** icon, enter **FA Journals**, and then choose the related link.</span></span>

    <span data-ttu-id="9f951-160">The **Fixed Asset Journal** window contains new lines for different depreciation books according to the duplication list.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9f951-160">The **Fixed Asset Journal** window contains new lines for different depreciation books according to the duplication list.</span></span>   

6. <span data-ttu-id="9f951-161">Review or edit the lines, and then choose the **Post** action.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9f951-161">Review or edit the lines, and then choose the **Post** action.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="9f951-162">**Note**: Another way to duplicate an entry in a separate book is to enter a depreciation book code in the **Duplicate in Depreciation Book** field when you fill in a journal line.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9f951-162">**Note**: Another way to duplicate an entry in a separate book is to enter a depreciation book code in the **Duplicate in Depreciation Book** field when you fill in a journal line.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="9f951-163">You can copy entries from one depreciation book to another with the **Copy Depreciation Book** batch job.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9f951-163">You can copy entries from one depreciation book to another with the **Copy Depreciation Book** batch job.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="9f951-164">The batch job creates journal lines in the journal batch that you have specified in the **FA Journal Setup** window for the depreciation book that you want to copy to.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9f951-164">The batch job creates journal lines in the journal batch that you have specified in the **FA Journal Setup** window for the depreciation book that you want to copy to.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="9f951-165">For more information, see the following procedure.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9f951-165">For more information, see the following procedure.</span></span>

## <a name="to-copy-fixed-asset-ledger-entries-between-depreciation-books"></a><span data-ttu-id="9f951-166">To copy fixed asset ledger entries between depreciation books</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9f951-166">To copy fixed asset ledger entries between depreciation books</span></span>  
1. <span data-ttu-id="9f951-167">In the top right corner, choose the **Search for Page or Report** icon, enter **Depreciation Books**, and then choose the related link.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9f951-167">In the top right corner, choose the **Search for Page or Report** icon, enter **Depreciation Books**, and then choose the related link.</span></span>
2. <span data-ttu-id="9f951-168">Open the relevant depreciation book card, and then choose the **Copy Depreciation Book** action.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9f951-168">Open the relevant depreciation book card, and then choose the **Copy Depreciation Book** action.</span></span>  
3. <span data-ttu-id="9f951-169">In the **Copy Depreciation Book** window, fill in the fields as necessary.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9f951-169">In the **Copy Depreciation Book** window, fill in the fields as necessary.</span></span>  
4. <span data-ttu-id="9f951-170">Choose the **OK** button.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9f951-170">Choose the **OK** button.</span></span>  

<span data-ttu-id="9f951-171">The copied lines are created in either the fixed asset G/L journal or the fixed asset journal, depending on whether the depreciation book that you are copying has integration to the general ledger.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9f951-171">The copied lines are created in either the fixed asset G/L journal or the fixed asset journal, depending on whether the depreciation book that you are copying has integration to the general ledger.</span></span>

## <a name="see-also"></a><span data-ttu-id="9f951-172">See Also</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9f951-172">See Also</span></span>
[<span data-ttu-id="9f951-173">Manage Fixed Assets</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9f951-173">Manage Fixed Assets</span></span>](fa-manage.md)  
[<span data-ttu-id="9f951-174">Set Up Fixed Assets</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9f951-174">Set Up Fixed Assets</span></span>](fa-setup.md)  
[<span data-ttu-id="9f951-175">Finance</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9f951-175">Finance</span></span>](finance-setup.md)  
[<span data-ttu-id="9f951-176">Welcome to Dynamics NAV</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9f951-176">Welcome to Dynamics NAV</span></span>](across-get-started.md)

