---
title: 'How to: Defer Revenues and Expenses'
author: SorenGP
ms.custom: na
ms.date: 09/22/2016
ms.reviewer: na
ms.suite: na
ms.tgt_pltfrm: na
ms.topic: article
ms-prod: dynamics-nav-2017
ms.translationtype: Human Translation
ms.sourcegitcommit: 51adfb3588099c496f0946ff71da5c6fe518f070
ms.openlocfilehash: 865bc307e8635b5a5aba11b5bc2e2e448c05e769
ms.contentlocale: en-gb
ms.lasthandoff: 06/26/2017

---

# <a name="how-to-defer-revenues-and-expenses"></a><span data-ttu-id="31fab-102">How to: Defer Revenues and Expenses</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="31fab-102">How to: Defer Revenues and Expenses</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="31fab-103">To recognise a revenue or an expense in a period other than the period in which the transaction was posted, you can use functionality to automatically defer revenues and expenses over a specified schedule.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="31fab-103">To recognize a revenue or an expense in a period other than the period in which the transaction was posted, you can use functionality to automatically defer revenues and expenses over a specified schedule.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="31fab-104">To distribute revenues or expenses on the involved accounting periods, you set up a deferral template for the resource, item, or G/L account that the revenue or expense will be posted for.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="31fab-104">To distribute revenues or expenses on the involved accounting periods, you set up a deferral template for the resource, item, or G/L account that the revenue or expense will be posted for.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="31fab-105">When you post the related sales or purchase document, the revenue or expense are deferred to the involved accounting periods, according to a deferral schedule that is governed by settings in the deferral template and the posting date.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="31fab-105">When you post the related sales or purchase document, the revenue or expense are deferred to the involved accounting periods, according to a deferral schedule that is governed by settings in the deferral template and the posting date.</span></span>

## <a name="to-set-up-a-gl-account-for-deferral"></a><span data-ttu-id="31fab-106">To set up a G/L account for deferral</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="31fab-106">To set up a G/L account for deferral</span></span>
1. <span data-ttu-id="31fab-107">In the top right corner, choose the **Search for Page or Report** icon, enter **Chart of Accounts**, and then choose the related link.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="31fab-107">In the top right corner, choose the **Search for Page or Report** icon, enter **Chart of Accounts**, and then choose the related link.</span></span>
2. <span data-ttu-id="31fab-108">Choose the **New** action.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="31fab-108">Choose the **New** action.</span></span>
3. <span data-ttu-id="31fab-109">Fill in the fields as necessary to create a G/L account for deferred revenues.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="31fab-109">Fill in the fields as necessary to create a G/L account for deferred revenues.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="31fab-110">For more information, see [The General Ledger and the Chart of Accounts](finance-setup-general-ledger.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="31fab-110">For more information, see [The General Ledger and the Chart of Accounts](finance-setup-general-ledger.md).</span></span>
3. <span data-ttu-id="31fab-111">Repeat steps 2 and 3 to create a new G/L account for deferred expenses.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="31fab-111">Repeat steps 2 and 3 to create a new G/L account for deferred expenses.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="31fab-112">For both types of deferral, select **Balance Sheet** in the **Type** field, and name the accounts appropriately, such as "Unearned Income" for deferred revenues and "Unpaid Expenses" for deferred expenses.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="31fab-112">For both types of deferral, select **Balance Sheet** in the **Type** field, and name the accounts appropriately, such as "Unearned Income" for deferred revenues and "Unpaid Expenses" for deferred expenses.</span></span>

## <a name="to-set-up-a-deferral-template"></a><span data-ttu-id="31fab-113">To set up a deferral template</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="31fab-113">To set up a deferral template</span></span>
1. <span data-ttu-id="31fab-114">In the top right corner, choose the **Search for Page or Report** icon, enter **Deferral Templates**, and then choose the related link.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="31fab-114">In the top right corner, choose the **Search for Page or Report** icon, enter **Deferral Templates**, and then choose the related link.</span></span>
2. <span data-ttu-id="31fab-115">Choose the **New** action.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="31fab-115">Choose the **New** action.</span></span>
3. <span data-ttu-id="31fab-116">Fill in the fields as necessary.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="31fab-116">Fill in the fields as necessary.</span></span>
4. <span data-ttu-id="31fab-117">In the **Calc. Method** field, specify how the **Amount** field for each period in the **Deferral Schedule** window is calculated.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="31fab-117">In the **Calc. Method** field, specify how the **Amount** field for each period in the **Deferral Schedule** window is calculated.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="31fab-118">You can choose between the following options:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="31fab-118">You can choose between the following options:</span></span>
    - <span data-ttu-id="31fab-119">**Straight-Line**: The periodic deferral amounts are calculated according to the number of periods, distributed according to period length.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="31fab-119">**Straight-Line**: The periodic deferral amounts are calculated according to the number of periods, distributed according to period length.</span></span>
    - <span data-ttu-id="31fab-120">**Equal Per Period**: The periodic deferral amounts are calculated according to the number of periods, distributed evenly on periods.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="31fab-120">**Equal Per Period**: The periodic deferral amounts are calculated according to the number of periods, distributed evenly on periods.</span></span>
    - <span data-ttu-id="31fab-121">**Days Per Period**: The periodic deferral amounts are calculated according to the number of days in the period.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="31fab-121">**Days Per Period**: The periodic deferral amounts are calculated according to the number of days in the period.</span></span>
    - <span data-ttu-id="31fab-122">**User-Defined**: The periodic deferral amounts are not calculated.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="31fab-122">**User-Defined**: The periodic deferral amounts are not calculated.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="31fab-123">You must manually fill the Amount field for each period in the Deferral Schedule window.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="31fab-123">You must manually fill the Amount field for each period in the Deferral Schedule window.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="31fab-124">For more information, see the “To change a deferral schedule from a sales invoice” section.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="31fab-124">For more information, see the “To change a deferral schedule from a sales invoice” section.</span></span>

5. <span data-ttu-id="31fab-125">In the **Period Desc.**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="31fab-125">In the **Period Desc.**</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="31fab-126">field, specify a description that will be shown on entries for the deferral posting.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="31fab-126">field, specify a description that will be shown on entries for the deferral posting.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="31fab-127">You can enter the following placeholder codes for typical values, which will be inserted automatically when the period description is displayed.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="31fab-127">You can enter the following placeholder codes for typical values, which will be inserted automatically when the period description is displayed.</span></span>
    - <span data-ttu-id="31fab-128">%1 = The day number of the period posting date</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="31fab-128">%1 = The day number of the period posting date</span></span>
    - <span data-ttu-id="31fab-129">%2 = The week number of the period posting date</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="31fab-129">%2 = The week number of the period posting date</span></span>
    - <span data-ttu-id="31fab-130">%3 = The month number of the period posting date</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="31fab-130">%3 = The month number of the period posting date</span></span>
    - <span data-ttu-id="31fab-131">%4 = The month name of the period posting date</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="31fab-131">%4 = The month name of the period posting date</span></span>
    - <span data-ttu-id="31fab-132">%5 = The accounting period name of the period posting date</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="31fab-132">%5 = The accounting period name of the period posting date</span></span>
    - <span data-ttu-id="31fab-133">%6 = The fiscal year of the period posting date</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="31fab-133">%6 = The fiscal year of the period posting date</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="31fab-134">Example: The posting date is 02/06/2016.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="31fab-134">Example: The posting date is 02/06/2016.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="31fab-135">If you enter “Expenses deferred for %4 %6”, then the description displayed will be "Expenses deferred for February 2016".</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="31fab-135">If you enter “Expenses deferred for %4 %6”, then the description displayed will be "Expenses deferred for February 2016".</span></span>

## <a name="to-assign-a-deferral-template-to-an-item"></a><span data-ttu-id="31fab-136">To assign a deferral template to an item</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="31fab-136">To assign a deferral template to an item</span></span>
1. <span data-ttu-id="31fab-137">In the top right corner, choose the **Search for Page or Report** icon, enter **Deferral Templates**, and then choose the related link.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="31fab-137">In the top right corner, choose the **Search for Page or Report** icon, enter **Deferral Templates**, and then choose the related link.</span></span>
2. <span data-ttu-id="31fab-138">Open the card for the item for which revenues or expenses must be deferred to the accounting periods when the item was sold or purchased.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="31fab-138">Open the card for the item for which revenues or expenses must be deferred to the accounting periods when the item was sold or purchased.</span></span>
3. <span data-ttu-id="31fab-139">In the **Default Deferral Template** field, select the relevant deferral template.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="31fab-139">In the **Default Deferral Template** field, select the relevant deferral template.</span></span>

## <a name="to-change-a-deferral-schedule-from-a-sales-invoice"></a><span data-ttu-id="31fab-140">To change a deferral schedule from a sales invoice</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="31fab-140">To change a deferral schedule from a sales invoice</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="31fab-141">**Note**: The steps in this procedure are the same as when you change a deferral schedule, for expenses, from a purchase invoice.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="31fab-141">**Note**: The steps in this procedure are the same as when you change a deferral schedule, for expenses, from a purchase invoice.</span></span>

1. <span data-ttu-id="31fab-142">In the top right corner, choose the **Search for Page or Report** icon, enter **Sales Invoices**, and then choose the related link.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="31fab-142">In the top right corner, choose the **Search for Page or Report** icon, enter **Sales Invoices**, and then choose the related link.</span></span>
2. <span data-ttu-id="31fab-143">Create a sales invoice for an item that has a deferral template assigned.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="31fab-143">Create a sales invoice for an item that has a deferral template assigned.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="31fab-144">For more information, see [How to: Invoice Sales](sales-how-invoice-sales.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="31fab-144">For more information, see [How to: Invoice Sales](sales-how-invoice-sales.md).</span></span>

    <span data-ttu-id="31fab-145">Notice that as soon as you enter the item (or resource or G/L account) on the invoice line, the **Deferral Code** field is filled with the code of the assigned deferral template.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="31fab-145">Notice that as soon as you enter the item (or resource or G/L account) on the invoice line, the **Deferral Code** field is filled with the code of the assigned deferral template.</span></span>
3. <span data-ttu-id="31fab-146">Choose the **Deferral Schedule** action.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="31fab-146">Choose the **Deferral Schedule** action.</span></span>
4. <span data-ttu-id="31fab-147">In the **Deferral Schedule** window, change settings on the header or values on the lines, for example to defer the amount to an additional accounting period.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="31fab-147">In the **Deferral Schedule** window, change settings on the header or values on the lines, for example to defer the amount to an additional accounting period.</span></span>
5. <span data-ttu-id="31fab-148">Choose the **Calculate Schedule** action.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="31fab-148">Choose the **Calculate Schedule** action.</span></span>
6. <span data-ttu-id="31fab-149">Choose the **OK** button.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="31fab-149">Choose the **OK** button.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="31fab-150">The deferral schedule is updated for the sales invoice.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="31fab-150">The deferral schedule is updated for the sales invoice.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="31fab-151">The related deferral template is unchanged.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="31fab-151">The related deferral template is unchanged.</span></span>

## <a name="to-preview-how-deferred-revenues-or-expenses-will-be-posted-to-the-general-ledger"></a><span data-ttu-id="31fab-152">To preview how deferred revenues or expenses will be posted to the general ledger</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="31fab-152">To preview how deferred revenues or expenses will be posted to the general ledger</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="31fab-153">**Note**: The steps in this procedure are the same as when you preview how expense deferrals are posted.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="31fab-153">**Note**: The steps in this procedure are the same as when you preview how expense deferrals are posted.</span></span>

1. <span data-ttu-id="31fab-154">In the **Sales Invoice** window, choose the **Preview Posting** action.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="31fab-154">In the **Sales Invoice** window, choose the **Preview Posting** action.</span></span>
2. <span data-ttu-id="31fab-155">In the **Posting Preview** window, choose the **G/L Entry** action, and then choose the **Show Related Entries** action.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="31fab-155">In the **Posting Preview** window, choose the **G/L Entry** action, and then choose the **Show Related Entries** action.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="31fab-156">G/L entries to be posted to the specified deferral account, for example, Unearned Income, are denoted by the description that you entered in the **Period Desc.**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="31fab-156">G/L entries to be posted to the specified deferral account, for example, Unearned Income, are denoted by the description that you entered in the **Period Desc.**</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="31fab-157">field in the deferral template, for example, "Expenses deferred for February 2016".</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="31fab-157">field in the deferral template, for example, "Expenses deferred for February 2016".</span></span>

## <a name="to-review-posted-deferrals-in-the-sales-deferral-summary-report"></a><span data-ttu-id="31fab-158">To review posted deferrals in the Sales Deferral Summary report</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="31fab-158">To review posted deferrals in the Sales Deferral Summary report</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="31fab-159">**Note**: The steps in this procedure are the same as when you review the Purchasing Deferral Summary report.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="31fab-159">**Note**: The steps in this procedure are the same as when you review the Purchasing Deferral Summary report.</span></span>

1. <span data-ttu-id="31fab-160">In the top right corner, choose the **Search for Page or Report** icon, enter **Sales Deferral Summary**, and then choose the related link.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="31fab-160">In the top right corner, choose the **Search for Page or Report** icon, enter **Sales Deferral Summary**, and then choose the related link.</span></span>
2. <span data-ttu-id="31fab-161">In the **Sales Deferral Summary** window, in the **Balance as of** field, enter the date up to which you want to see deferred revenues.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="31fab-161">In the **Sales Deferral Summary** window, in the **Balance as of** field, enter the date up to which you want to see deferred revenues.</span></span>
3. <span data-ttu-id="31fab-162">Choose the **Preview** button.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="31fab-162">Choose the **Preview** button.</span></span>

## <a name="see-also"></a><span data-ttu-id="31fab-163">See Also</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="31fab-163">See Also</span></span>
[<span data-ttu-id="31fab-164">Finance</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="31fab-164">Finance</span></span>](finance-setup.md)  
[<span data-ttu-id="31fab-165">Set Up Core Financial Processes</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="31fab-165">Set Up Core Financial Processes</span></span>](finance-setup-setup-finance-setup.md)  
[<span data-ttu-id="31fab-166">How to: Work With General Journals</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="31fab-166">How to: Work With General Journals</span></span>](ui-work-general-journals.md)

