---
title: The General Ledger and the Chart of Accounts
author: edupont04
ms.custom: na
ms.date: 09/22/2016
ms.reviewer: na
ms.suite: na
ms.tgt_pltfrm: na
ms.topic: article
ms-prod: dynamics-nav-2017
ms.translationtype: Human Translation
ms.sourcegitcommit: 51adfb3588099c496f0946ff71da5c6fe518f070
ms.openlocfilehash: 9965ddcad214e97c5e4858824395d6f651b3c003
ms.contentlocale: en-gb
ms.lasthandoff: 06/26/2017

---

# <a name="the-general-ledger-and-the-chart-of-accounts"></a><span data-ttu-id="a653d-102">The General Ledger and the Chart of Accounts</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a653d-102">The General Ledger and the Chart of Accounts</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="a653d-103">The general ledger stores your financial data, and the chart of accounts shows the accounts that all general ledger entries are posted to.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a653d-103">The general ledger stores your financial data, and the chart of accounts shows the accounts that all general ledger entries are posted to.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="a653d-104">Dynamics NAV includes a standard chart of accounts that is ready to support your business.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a653d-104">Dynamics NAV includes a standard chart of accounts that is ready to support your business.</span></span>

## <a name="general-ledger-setup-and-general-posting-setup"></a><span data-ttu-id="a653d-105">General Ledger Setup and General Posting Setup</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a653d-105">General Ledger Setup and General Posting Setup</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="a653d-106">At the core of your business processes is the general ledger and the configuration of how data is posted to the general ledger.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a653d-106">At the core of your business processes is the general ledger and the configuration of how data is posted to the general ledger.</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="a653d-107">In the **General Ledger Setup** window, you specify how to handle certain accounting issues in your company.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a653d-107">In the **General Ledger Setup** window, you specify how to handle certain accounting issues in your company.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="a653d-108">This includes invoice rounding details, address formats, and whether you want to use an additional reporting currency, for example.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a653d-108">This includes invoice rounding details, address formats, and whether you want to use an additional reporting currency, for example.</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="a653d-109">Similarly, in the **General Posting Setup** window, you specify how you want to set up combinations of general business and general product posting groups.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a653d-109">Similarly, in the **General Posting Setup** window, you specify how you want to set up combinations of general business and general product posting groups.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="a653d-110">You fill in a line for each combination of business posting group and product posting group.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a653d-110">You fill in a line for each combination of business posting group and product posting group.</span></span>  

## <a name="the-chart-of-accounts"></a><span data-ttu-id="a653d-111">The Chart of Accounts</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a653d-111">The Chart of Accounts</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="a653d-112">The chart of accounts shows all accounts.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a653d-112">The chart of accounts shows all accounts.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="a653d-113">From here, you can open various reports that show your general ledger entries and balances, and you can close the income statement.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a653d-113">From here, you can open various reports that show your general ledger entries and balances, and you can close the income statement.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="a653d-114">For each account, you can open the G/L account card and add or change settings.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a653d-114">For each account, you can open the G/L account card and add or change settings.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="a653d-115">You can also see a list of posting groups that post to that account.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a653d-115">You can also see a list of posting groups that post to that account.</span></span>  

<span data-ttu-id="a653d-116">Dynamics NAV will prevent you from deleting a general ledger account that stores data that is needed in the chart of accounts.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a653d-116">Dynamics NAV will prevent you from deleting a general ledger account that stores data that is needed in the chart of accounts.</span></span>  

## <a name="account-categories"></a><span data-ttu-id="a653d-117">Account Categories</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a653d-117">Account Categories</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="a653d-118">With account categories, you can map general ledger accounts to categories as a personalisation of the structure of your financial statements.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a653d-118">With account categories, you can map general ledger accounts to categories as a personalization of the structure of your financial statements.</span></span>  

<span data-ttu-id="a653d-119">The **G/L Account Categories** window shows your existing main categories and subcategories and the G/L accounts that you have assigned each category.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a653d-119">The **G/L Account Categories** window shows your existing main categories and subcategories and the G/L accounts that you have assigned each category.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="a653d-120">You can create new subcategories and assign those categories to existing accounts.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a653d-120">You can create new subcategories and assign those categories to existing accounts.</span></span>  

<span data-ttu-id="a653d-121">You can group the account categories by indenting individual subcategories.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a653d-121">You can group the account categories by indenting individual subcategories.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="a653d-122">This makes it easy for you to get an overview, because each grouping shows a total balance.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a653d-122">This makes it easy for you to get an overview, because each grouping shows a total balance.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="a653d-123">For example, you can create subcategories for different types of assets and then create category groups for fixed assets versus current assets, for example.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a653d-123">For example, you can create subcategories for different types of assets and then create category groups for fixed assets versus current assets, for example.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="a653d-124">You create a category group by indenting other subcategories under a line in the **G/L Account Categories** window.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a653d-124">You create a category group by indenting other subcategories under a line in the **G/L Account Categories** window.</span></span>  

<span data-ttu-id="a653d-125">For each subcategory, you can specify if accounts of this category must be included in specific types of financial reports.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a653d-125">For each subcategory, you can specify if accounts of this category must be included in specific types of financial reports.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="a653d-126">The account categories help define the layout of your financial statements.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a653d-126">The account categories help define the layout of your financial statements.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="a653d-127">For example, the default balance statement has a single entry for cash under assets.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a653d-127">For example, the default balance statement has a single entry for cash under assets.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="a653d-128">If you want the balance statement to have subentries for petty cash and your chequing account, then you can add two new subcategories, specify the additional report definition Cash Accounts for each of them, and indent them under the Cash subcategory.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a653d-128">If you want the balance statement to have subentries for petty cash and your checking account, then you can add two new subcategories, specify the additional report definition Cash Accounts for each of them, and indent them under the Cash subcategory.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="a653d-129">Then, when you have generated account schedules based on your changes, your next balance statement will show a total balance for cash and two lines with balances for petty cash and the chequing account.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a653d-129">Then, when you have generated account schedules based on your changes, your next balance statement will show a total balance for cash and two lines with balances for petty cash and the checking account.</span></span>     

##<a name="see-also"></a><span data-ttu-id="a653d-130">See Also</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a653d-130">See Also</span></span>
[<span data-ttu-id="a653d-131">Finance</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a653d-131">Finance</span></span>](finance-setup.md)  
[<span data-ttu-id="a653d-132">Set Up or Change the Chart of Accounts</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a653d-132">Set Up or Change the Chart of Accounts</span></span>](finance-setup-setup-chart-accounts.md)  
[<span data-ttu-id="a653d-133">Account Schedules</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a653d-133">Account Schedules</span></span>](finance-setup-account-schedule.md)  

