---
title: 'How to: Work with Item Attributes'
author: SorenGP
ms.custom: na
ms.date: 09/22/2016
ms.reviewer: na
ms.suite: na
ms.tgt_pltfrm: na
ms.topic: article
ms.prod: dynamics-nav-2017
ms.translationtype: Human Translation
ms.sourcegitcommit: 6b60b1344a1e18ad91863046110df880f75f7c04
ms.openlocfilehash: 1542204994a9214a241b2b9ea07a9fcde2b1a544
ms.contentlocale: en-gb
ms.lasthandoff: 07/19/2017

---

# <a name="how-to-work-with-item-attributes"></a><span data-ttu-id="4a98c-102">How to: Work with Item Attributes</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4a98c-102">How to: Work with Item Attributes</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="4a98c-103">When customers inquire about an item, either in correspondence or in an integrated web shop, they may ask or search according to characteristics, such as height and model year.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4a98c-103">When customers inquire about an item, either in correspondence or in an integrated web shop, they may ask or search according to characteristics, such as height and model year.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="4a98c-104">To provide this customer service, you can assign item attribute values of different types to your items, which can then be used when searching for items.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4a98c-104">To provide this customer service, you can assign item attribute values of different types to your items, which can then be used when searching for items.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="4a98c-105">You can also assign item attributes to item categories, which then apply to the items that use the item categories.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4a98c-105">You can also assign item attributes to item categories, which then apply to the items that use the item categories.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="4a98c-106">For more information, see [How to: Categorize Item](inventory-how-categorize-items.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4a98c-106">For more information, see [How to: Categorize Item](inventory-how-categorize-items.md).</span></span>

## <a name="to-create-item-attributes"></a><span data-ttu-id="4a98c-107">To create item attributes</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4a98c-107">To create item attributes</span></span>
1. <span data-ttu-id="4a98c-108">In the top right corner, choose the **Search for Page or Report** icon, enter **Item Attributes**, and then choose the related link.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4a98c-108">In the top right corner, choose the **Search for Page or Report** icon, enter **Item Attributes**, and then choose the related link.</span></span>
2. <span data-ttu-id="4a98c-109">In the **Item Attributes** window, choose the **New** action.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4a98c-109">In the **Item Attributes** window, choose the **New** action.</span></span>
3. <span data-ttu-id="4a98c-110">In the **Item Attribute** window, fill in the fields as necessary.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4a98c-110">In the **Item Attribute** window, fill in the fields as necessary.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="4a98c-111">Choose a field to read a short description of the field or link to more information.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4a98c-111">Choose a field to read a short description of the field or link to more information.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="4a98c-112">**Note**: If you select **Option** in the **Type** field, then you can choose the **Item Attribute Values** action to create values for the item attribute.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4a98c-112">**Note**: If you select **Option** in the **Type** field, then you can choose the **Item Attribute Values** action to create values for the item attribute.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="4a98c-113">For more information, see the "To create values for item attributes of type Option" section.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4a98c-113">For more information, see the "To create values for item attributes of type Option" section.</span></span>  

## <a name="to-create-values-for-item-attributes-of-type-option"></a><span data-ttu-id="4a98c-114">To create values for item attributes of type Option</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4a98c-114">To create values for item attributes of type Option</span></span>
1. <span data-ttu-id="4a98c-115">In the top right corner, choose the **Search for Page or Report** icon, enter **Item Attributes**, and then choose the related link.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4a98c-115">In the top right corner, choose the **Search for Page or Report** icon, enter **Item Attributes**, and then choose the related link.</span></span>
2. <span data-ttu-id="4a98c-116">In the **Item Attributes** window, select an item attribute of type Option that you want to create values for, and then choose the **Item Attribute Values** action.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4a98c-116">In the **Item Attributes** window, select an item attribute of type Option that you want to create values for, and then choose the **Item Attribute Values** action.</span></span>
3. <span data-ttu-id="4a98c-117">In the **Item Attribute Values** window, fill in the fields as necessary.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4a98c-117">In the **Item Attribute Values** window, fill in the fields as necessary.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="4a98c-118">Choose a field to read a short description of the field or link to more information.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4a98c-118">Choose a field to read a short description of the field or link to more information.</span></span>

## <a name="to-assign-item-attributes-to-items"></a><span data-ttu-id="4a98c-119">To assign item attributes to items</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4a98c-119">To assign item attributes to items</span></span>
1. <span data-ttu-id="4a98c-120">In the top right corner, choose the **Search for Page or Report** icon, enter **Items**, and then choose the related link.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4a98c-120">In the top right corner, choose the **Search for Page or Report** icon, enter **Items**, and then choose the related link.</span></span>
2. <span data-ttu-id="4a98c-121">In the **Items** window, select the item that you want to assign item attributes to, and then choose the **Attributes** action.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4a98c-121">In the **Items** window, select the item that you want to assign item attributes to, and then choose the **Attributes** action.</span></span>
3. <span data-ttu-id="4a98c-122">In the **Item Attribute Values** window, choose the **New** action.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4a98c-122">In the **Item Attribute Values** window, choose the **New** action.</span></span>
4. <span data-ttu-id="4a98c-123">Choose the AssistEdit button in the **Attribute** field and select an existing item attribute.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4a98c-123">Choose the AssistEdit button in the **Attribute** field and select an existing item attribute.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="4a98c-124">Alternatively, choose the **New** action to first create a new item attribute as explained in the "To create item attributes" section.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4a98c-124">Alternatively, choose the **New** action to first create a new item attribute as explained in the "To create item attributes" section.</span></span>
5. <span data-ttu-id="4a98c-125">In the **Value** field, enter the item attribute value, such as "2010" for the Model Year attribute.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4a98c-125">In the **Value** field, enter the item attribute value, such as "2010" for the Model Year attribute.</span></span>
6. <span data-ttu-id="4a98c-126">For item attributes of type Option, choose the AssistEdit button in the **Value** field and select an item attribute value.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4a98c-126">For item attributes of type Option, choose the AssistEdit button in the **Value** field and select an item attribute value.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="4a98c-127">Alternatively, choose the **New** action to first create a new item attribute value as explained in the "To create values for item attributes of type Option" section.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4a98c-127">Alternatively, choose the **New** action to first create a new item attribute value as explained in the "To create values for item attributes of type Option" section.</span></span>
7. <span data-ttu-id="4a98c-128">Repeat steps 4 through 6 for all item attributes that you want to assign to the item.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4a98c-128">Repeat steps 4 through 6 for all item attributes that you want to assign to the item.</span></span>

## <a name="to-assign-item-attributes-to-item-categories"></a><span data-ttu-id="4a98c-129">To assign item attributes to item categories</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4a98c-129">To assign item attributes to item categories</span></span>
1. <span data-ttu-id="4a98c-130">In the top right corner, choose the **Search for Page or Report** icon, enter **Item Categories**, and then choose the related link.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4a98c-130">In the top right corner, choose the **Search for Page or Report** icon, enter **Item Categories**, and then choose the related link.</span></span>
2. <span data-ttu-id="4a98c-131">In the **Item Categories** window, select the item category that you want to assign item attributes to, and then choose the **Edit** action.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4a98c-131">In the **Item Categories** window, select the item category that you want to assign item attributes to, and then choose the **Edit** action.</span></span>
3. <span data-ttu-id="4a98c-132">In the **Item Category Card** window, on the **Attributes** FastTab, choose the **New** action.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4a98c-132">In the **Item Category Card** window, on the **Attributes** FastTab, choose the **New** action.</span></span>
4. <span data-ttu-id="4a98c-133">Choose the AssistEdit button in the **Attribute** field and select an existing item attribute.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4a98c-133">Choose the AssistEdit button in the **Attribute** field and select an existing item attribute.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="4a98c-134">Alternatively, choose the **New** action to first create a new item attribute as explained in the "To create an item attribute" section.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4a98c-134">Alternatively, choose the **New** action to first create a new item attribute as explained in the "To create an item attribute" section.</span></span>
5. <span data-ttu-id="4a98c-135">In the **Default Value** field, choose the AssistEdit button and select an item attribute value.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4a98c-135">In the **Default Value** field, choose the AssistEdit button and select an item attribute value.</span></span>
6. <span data-ttu-id="4a98c-136">Repeat steps 4 and 5 for all item attributes that you want to assign to the item category.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4a98c-136">Repeat steps 4 and 5 for all item attributes that you want to assign to the item category.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="4a98c-137">**Note**: Item attributes for parent item categories will be inherited to child item categories.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4a98c-137">**Note**: Item attributes for parent item categories will be inherited to child item categories.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="4a98c-138">This is indicated by the **Inherited From** field on the **Attributes** FastTab.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4a98c-138">This is indicated by the **Inherited From** field on the **Attributes** FastTab.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="4a98c-139">For more information, see [How to: Categorize Item](inventory-how-categorize-items.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4a98c-139">For more information, see [How to: Categorize Item](inventory-how-categorize-items.md).</span></span>

## <a name="to-filter-by-item-attributes"></a><span data-ttu-id="4a98c-140">To filter by item attributes</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4a98c-140">To filter by item attributes</span></span>
1. <span data-ttu-id="4a98c-141">In the top right corner, choose the **Search for Page or Report** icon, enter **Items**, and then choose the related link.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4a98c-141">In the top right corner, choose the **Search for Page or Report** icon, enter **Items**, and then choose the related link.</span></span>
2. <span data-ttu-id="4a98c-142">In the **Items** window, choose the **Filter by Attributes** action.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4a98c-142">In the **Items** window, choose the **Filter by Attributes** action.</span></span>
3. <span data-ttu-id="4a98c-143">In the **Filter Items by Attribute** window, choose the AssistEdit button in the **Attribute** field and select an item attribute.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4a98c-143">In the **Filter Items by Attribute** window, choose the AssistEdit button in the **Attribute** field and select an item attribute.</span></span>
4. <span data-ttu-id="4a98c-144">In the **Value** field, choose the AssistEdit button and select an attribute value to filter items by.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4a98c-144">In the **Value** field, choose the AssistEdit button and select an attribute value to filter items by.</span></span>

    <span data-ttu-id="4a98c-145">**Note**: You can only select values directly for item attributes that have fixed values, such as Colour.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4a98c-145">**Note**: You can only select values directly for item attributes that have fixed values, such as Color.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="4a98c-146">For item attributes that have variable values, such as Width, you must specify the item attribute value by first selecting a condition.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4a98c-146">For item attributes that have variable values, such as Width, you must specify the item attribute value by first selecting a condition.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="4a98c-147">See step 5.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4a98c-147">See step 5.</span></span>
5. <span data-ttu-id="4a98c-148">In the **Value** field for a variable item attribute, choose the AssistEdit button.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4a98c-148">In the **Value** field for a variable item attribute, choose the AssistEdit button.</span></span>
6. <span data-ttu-id="4a98c-149">In the **Specify Filter Value** window, in the **Condition** field, choose the drop-down arrow and select a condition.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4a98c-149">In the **Specify Filter Value** window, in the **Condition** field, choose the drop-down arrow and select a condition.</span></span>
7. <span data-ttu-id="4a98c-150">In the **Value** field, enter an attribute value to filter items by.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4a98c-150">In the **Value** field, enter an attribute value to filter items by.</span></span>

    <span data-ttu-id="4a98c-151">**Example**: To filter on items where the material description begins with "blue", fill in the fields as follows: **Attribute** field: Material Description, **Condition** field: Begins With, **Value** field: blue.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4a98c-151">**Example**: To filter on items where the material description begins with "blue", fill in the fields as follows: **Attribute** field: Material Description, **Condition** field: Begins With, **Value** field: blue.</span></span>
8. <span data-ttu-id="4a98c-152">Choose the **OK** button.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4a98c-152">Choose the **OK** button.</span></span>   

<span data-ttu-id="4a98c-153">The items in the **Items** window are filtered by the specified item attribute values.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4a98c-153">The items in the **Items** window are filtered by the specified item attribute values.</span></span>

## <a name="see-also"></a><span data-ttu-id="4a98c-154">See Also</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4a98c-154">See Also</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="4a98c-155">[How to: Categorize Item](inventory-how-categorize-items.md)  </span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4a98c-155">[How to: Categorize Item](inventory-how-categorize-items.md)  </span></span>  
[<span data-ttu-id="4a98c-156">How to: Register New Products</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4a98c-156">How to: Register New Products</span></span>](inventory-how-register-new-products.md)  
[<span data-ttu-id="4a98c-157">Manage Inventory</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4a98c-157">Manage Inventory</span></span>](inventory-manage-inventory.md)  
[<span data-ttu-id="4a98c-158">Work With Dynamics NAV</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4a98c-158">Work With Dynamics NAV</span></span>](ui-work-product.md)

