---
title: 'How to: Post Inventory Costs to the General Ledger'
author: SorenGP
ms.custom: na
ms.date: 09/22/2016
ms.reviewer: na
ms.suite: na
ms.tgt_pltfrm: na
ms.topic: article
ms.prod: dynamics-nav-2017
ms.translationtype: Human Translation
ms.sourcegitcommit: 6b60b1344a1e18ad91863046110df880f75f7c04
ms.openlocfilehash: 34eec596392e9316e807d3c073c3b8e59dbc12e9
ms.contentlocale: en-gb
ms.lasthandoff: 07/19/2017

---

# <a name="how-to-post-inventory-costs-to-the-general-ledger"></a><span data-ttu-id="b319e-102">How to: Post Inventory Costs to the General Ledger</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b319e-102">How to: Post Inventory Costs to the General Ledger</span></span>   
<span data-ttu-id="b319e-103">When you post inventory transactions, such as sales shipments, purchase invoices, or inventory adjustments, the changed quantities and costs are recorded in the item ledger entries and the value entries, respectively.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b319e-103">When you post inventory transactions, such as sales shipments, purchase invoices, or inventory adjustments, the changed quantities and costs are recorded in the item ledger entries and the value entries, respectively.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b319e-104">To reflect this change of inventory value in your financial books, you must post inventory costs to the related inventory accounts in the general ledger.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b319e-104">To reflect this change of inventory value in your financial books, you must post inventory costs to the related inventory accounts in the general ledger.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="b319e-105">You can post inventory costs to the general ledger in two ways:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b319e-105">You can post inventory costs to the general ledger in two ways:</span></span>

- <span data-ttu-id="b319e-106">Automatically, so that inventory costs are posted to the general ledger every time you post an inventory transaction.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b319e-106">Automatically, so that inventory costs are posted to the general ledger every time you post an inventory transaction.</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="b319e-107">Manually, so that inventory costs are only posted to the general ledger when you run a batch job.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b319e-107">Manually, so that inventory costs are only posted to the general ledger when you run a batch job.</span></span>


## <a name="to-post-inventory-costs-automatically"></a><span data-ttu-id="b319e-108">To post inventory costs automatically</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b319e-108">To post inventory costs automatically</span></span>
1. <span data-ttu-id="b319e-109">In the top right corner, choose the **Search for Page or Report** icon, enter **Inventory Setup**, and then choose the related link.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b319e-109">In the top right corner, choose the **Search for Page or Report** icon, enter **Inventory Setup**, and then choose the related link.</span></span>
2. <span data-ttu-id="b319e-110">In the **Inventory Setup** window, select the **Automatic Cost Posting** check box.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b319e-110">In the **Inventory Setup** window, select the **Automatic Cost Posting** check box.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="b319e-111">For each inventory transaction that you post, the appropriate values are posted to the inventory account, adjustment account, and COGS account in the general ledger.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b319e-111">For each inventory transaction that you post, the appropriate values are posted to the inventory account, adjustment account, and COGS account in the general ledger.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="b319e-112">Even if you use automatic cost posting, it is still necessary to periodically run the Adjust Cost - Item Entries batch job to ensure that the costs of goods are forwarded to the appropriate outbound transactions, such as sales or transfers.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b319e-112">Even if you use automatic cost posting, it is still necessary to periodically run the Adjust Cost - Item Entries batch job to ensure that the costs of goods are forwarded to the appropriate outbound transactions, such as sales or transfers.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b319e-113">This is especially important in situations where you sell goods before invoicing the purchase of those goods.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b319e-113">This is especially important in situations where you sell goods before invoicing the purchase of those goods.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="b319e-114">If an error occurs in the dimension setup while posting the inventory cost to the general ledger, the posting will end with an error.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b319e-114">If an error occurs in the dimension setup while posting the inventory cost to the general ledger, the posting will end with an error.</span></span>

## <a name="to-post-inventory-costs-manually"></a><span data-ttu-id="b319e-115">To post inventory costs manually</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b319e-115">To post inventory costs manually</span></span>
1. <span data-ttu-id="b319e-116">In the top right corner, choose the **Search for Page or Report** icon, enter **Post Inventory Cost to G/L**, and then choose the related link.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b319e-116">In the top right corner, choose the **Search for Page or Report** icon, enter **Post Inventory Cost to G/L**, and then choose the related link.</span></span>
2. <span data-ttu-id="b319e-117">Post inventory costs to the general ledger manually by running the batch job.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b319e-117">Post inventory costs to the general ledger manually by running the batch job.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b319e-118">When you run this batch job, general ledger entries are created on the basis of value entries.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b319e-118">When you run this batch job, general ledger entries are created on the basis of value entries.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b319e-119">You can post the entries so that they are summarised per posting group.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b319e-119">You can post the entries so that they are summarized per posting group.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="b319e-120">**Note**: When you run this batch job, you may encounter errors having to do with missing setup or incompatible dimension setup.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b319e-120">**Note**: When you run this batch job, you may encounter errors having to do with missing setup or incompatible dimension setup.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b319e-121">If the batch job encounters errors in the dimension setup, it overrides these errors and uses the dimensions of the value entry.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b319e-121">If the batch job encounters errors in the dimension setup, it overrides these errors and uses the dimensions of the value entry.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b319e-122">For any other errors, the batch job skips posting the value entries and lists them at the end of the report in a section titled “Skipped Entries.”</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b319e-122">For any other errors, the batch job skips posting the value entries and lists them at the end of the report in a section titled “Skipped Entries.”</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b319e-123">To post these entries, you must fix the errors.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b319e-123">To post these entries, you must fix the errors.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="b319e-124">To see a list of errors before running the posting batch job, you can run the **Post Invt. Cost to G/L - Test** report.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b319e-124">To see a list of errors before running the posting batch job, you can run the **Post Invt. Cost to G/L - Test** report.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b319e-125">The test report lists all the errors encountered during a test posting.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b319e-125">The test report lists all the errors encountered during a test posting.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b319e-126">You can then fix the errors, and run the inventory cost posting batch job without skipping any entries.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b319e-126">You can then fix the errors, and run the inventory cost posting batch job without skipping any entries.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="b319e-127">If you would like to simply get an overview of what values could be posted to the general ledger without actually performing the posting, you can run the Post Inventory Cost to G/L batch job without actually posting the values to the general ledger.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b319e-127">If you would like to simply get an overview of what values could be posted to the general ledger without actually performing the posting, you can run the Post Inventory Cost to G/L batch job without actually posting the values to the general ledger.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b319e-128">You do this by clearing the check mark from the Post field on the request page.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b319e-128">You do this by clearing the check mark from the Post field on the request page.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b319e-129">This way, when you run the batch job, the report is produced showing the values that are ready to be posted to the general ledger, but they are not posted.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b319e-129">This way, when you run the batch job, the report is produced showing the values that are ready to be posted to the general ledger, but they are not posted.</span></span>

## <a name="see-also"></a><span data-ttu-id="b319e-130">See Also</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b319e-130">See Also</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="b319e-131">[Manage Inventory](inventory-manage-inventory.md)  </span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b319e-131">[Manage Inventory](inventory-manage-inventory.md)  </span></span>  
[<span data-ttu-id="b319e-132">How to: Adjust Item Costs</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b319e-132">How to: Adjust Item Costs</span></span>](inventory-how-adjust-item-costs.md)  
[<span data-ttu-id="b319e-133">Manage Sales</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b319e-133">Manage Sales</span></span>](sales-manage-sales.md)  
[<span data-ttu-id="b319e-134">Manage Purchasing</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b319e-134">Manage Purchasing</span></span>](purchasing-manage-purchasing.md)

