---
title: Set Up Marketing and Contact Management
author: jswymer
ms.custom: na
ms.date: 09/16/2016
ms.reviewer: na
ms.suite: na
ms.tgt_pltfrm: na
ms.topic: article
ms.prod: dynamics-nav-2017
ms.translationtype: Human Translation
ms.sourcegitcommit: 6b60b1344a1e18ad91863046110df880f75f7c04
ms.openlocfilehash: ad379741cc24bd8508035f8bec535fb54372bfbc
ms.contentlocale: en-gb
ms.lasthandoff: 07/19/2017

---
# <a name="set-up-marketing-and-contact-management"></a><span data-ttu-id="1d89c-102">Set Up Marketing and Contact Management</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1d89c-102">Set Up Marketing and Contact Management</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="1d89c-103">Before you get started working with your contacts and marketing interests, there are a few decisions and steps that you should take to set up how the marketing area manages certain aspects of your contacts.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1d89c-103">Before you get started working with your contacts and marketing interests, there are a few decisions and steps that you should take to set up how the marketing area manages certain aspects of your contacts.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1d89c-104">For example, you can decide whether to synchronise the contact card with the customer card, vendor card, and bank account card, how number series are defined, or what the standard salutation should be when writing to your contacts.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1d89c-104">For example, you can decide whether to synchronize the contact card with the customer card, vendor card, and bank account card, how number series are defined, or what the standard salutation should be when writing to your contacts.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="1d89c-105">Managing your contacts and having a strategy in place to identify, attract, and retain customers will help optimise your business and increase customer satisfaction.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1d89c-105">Managing your contacts and having a strategy in place to identify, attract, and retain customers will help optimize your business and increase customer satisfaction.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1d89c-106">Using a good contact management system will also help you create and maintain relationships with your customers.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1d89c-106">Using a good contact management system will also help you create and maintain relationships with your customers.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1d89c-107">Communication is the key to these relationships.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1d89c-107">Communication is the key to these relationships.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1d89c-108">Being able to tailor communication with potential and existing customers, vendors, and business partners according to their needs, is necessary for companies to succeed.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1d89c-108">Being able to tailor communication with potential and existing customers, vendors, and business partners according to their needs, is necessary for companies to succeed.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1d89c-109">Establishing a strategy and defining how your company uses contact information is a primary step.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1d89c-109">Establishing a strategy and defining how your company uses contact information is a primary step.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1d89c-110">This information will be viewed by many different groups in your company, so having a good system in place will help everyone be more productive.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1d89c-110">This information will be viewed by many different groups in your company, so having a good system in place will help everyone be more productive.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="1d89c-111">You set up the marketing and contact management from the **Marketing Setup** window.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1d89c-111">You set up the marketing and contact management from the **Marketing Setup** window.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1d89c-112">To open the **Marketing Setup** window, in the top right corner, choose the **Search for Page or Report** icon, type **Marketing Setup** and choose the related link.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1d89c-112">To open the **Marketing Setup** window, in the top right corner, choose the **Search for Page or Report** icon, type **Marketing Setup** and choose the related link.</span></span>

## <a name="automatically-copy-specific-information-from-the-contact-companies-to-the-contact-persons"></a><span data-ttu-id="1d89c-113">Automatically copy specific information from the contact companies to the contact persons</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1d89c-113">Automatically copy specific information from the contact companies to the contact persons</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="1d89c-114">Some information about contact companies is identical to the information about the contact persons working within these companies, for example, the address details.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1d89c-114">Some information about contact companies is identical to the information about the contact persons working within these companies, for example, the address details.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1d89c-115">In the **Inheritance** section of the **Marketing Setup** window, you can set the application to automatically copy specific fields from the contact company card to the contact person card each time you create a contact person for a contact company.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1d89c-115">In the **Inheritance** section of the **Marketing Setup** window, you can set the application to automatically copy specific fields from the contact company card to the contact person card each time you create a contact person for a contact company.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1d89c-116">For example, you can select to copy the salesperson code, address details (address, address 2, city, postcode, and county), communication details (fax number, telex answer back, and phone number), and more.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1d89c-116">For example, you can select to copy the salesperson code, address details (address, address 2, city, post code, and county), communication details (fax number, telex answer back, and phone number), and more.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="1d89c-117">When you modify one of these fields on the contact company card, the program will automatically modify the field on the contact person card (unless you have manually modified the field on the contact person card).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1d89c-117">When you modify one of these fields on the contact company card, the program will automatically modify the field on the contact person card (unless you have manually modified the field on the contact person card).</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="1d89c-118">For more information, see [How to: Create Contact Persons](marketing-how-create-contact-persons.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1d89c-118">For more information, see [How to: Create Contact Persons](marketing-how-create-contact-persons.md).</span></span>

## <a name="use-predefined-defaults-on-new-contacts"></a><span data-ttu-id="1d89c-119">Use predefined defaults on new contacts</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1d89c-119">Use predefined defaults on new contacts</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="1d89c-120">You can decide that the application automatically assigns a specific language code, territory code, salesperson code, and country/region code as defaults to each new contact you create.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1d89c-120">You can decide that the application automatically assigns a specific language code, territory code, salesperson code, and country/region code as defaults to each new contact you create.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1d89c-121">You can also enter a default sales cycle code that the program automatically assigns to each new opportunity you create.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1d89c-121">You can also enter a default sales cycle code that the program automatically assigns to each new opportunity you create.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="1d89c-122">The inheritance of fields overwrites the default values you have set up.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1d89c-122">The inheritance of fields overwrites the default values you have set up.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1d89c-123">For example, if you have set up English as the default language, but the contact company's language is German, the program will automatically assign German as the language code for the contact persons recorded for that company.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1d89c-123">For example, if you have set up English as the default language, but the contact company's language is German, the program will automatically assign German as the language code for the contact persons recorded for that company.</span></span>

<!--You can also setup a default salutation that the program automatically assigns to your contacts. You can use these salutations in your interaction template attachments (for example, Microsoft Word documents). When setting up a default salutation, you can enter a salutation text and a salutation format. For example, if the salutation text is Dear, and the salutation format is Salutation Text + Title + Name, the program will automatically enter Dear Mr. John Smith as a salutation for a contact called John Smith.-->

## <a name="automatically-record-interactions"></a><span data-ttu-id="1d89c-124">Automatically record interactions</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1d89c-124">Automatically record interactions</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="1d89c-125">Dynamics NAV can automatically record sales and purchase documents as interactions (for example, orders, invoices, receipts, and so on), as well as e-mails, phone calls, and cover sheets.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1d89c-125">Dynamics NAV can automatically record sales and purchase documents as interactions (for example, orders, invoices, receipts, and so on), as well as e-mails, phone calls, and cover sheets.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="1d89c-126">For more information, see [Automatically Record Interactions with Contacts](marketing-auto-record-interactions.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1d89c-126">For more information, see [Automatically Record Interactions with Contacts](marketing-auto-record-interactions.md).</span></span>

## <a name="synchronize-contacts-with-customers-and-more"></a><span data-ttu-id="1d89c-127">Synchronise contacts with customers and more</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1d89c-127">Synchronize contacts with customers and more</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="1d89c-128">In order to synchronise the contact card with the customer card, the vendor card and the bank account card, you must select a business relation code for customers, vendors, and bank accounts.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1d89c-128">In order to synchronize the contact card with the customer card, the vendor card and the bank account card, you must select a business relation code for customers, vendors, and bank accounts.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1d89c-129">For example, you can only link a contact with an existing customer if you have selected a business relation code for customers in the **Marketing Setup** window.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1d89c-129">For example, you can only link a contact with an existing customer if you have selected a business relation code for customers in the **Marketing Setup** window.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="1d89c-130">For more information, see [Synchronising Contacts with Customers, Vendors and Bank Accounts](marketing-synchronize-contacts-customers-vendors-bank-accounts.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1d89c-130">For more information, see [Synchronizing Contacts with Customers, Vendors and Bank Accounts](marketing-synchronize-contacts-customers-vendors-bank-accounts.md).</span></span>

## <a name="assign-a-number-series-to-contacts-and-opportunities"></a><span data-ttu-id="1d89c-131">Assign a number series to contacts and opportunities</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1d89c-131">Assign a number series to contacts and opportunities</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="1d89c-132">You can set up a number series for contacts and opportunities.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1d89c-132">You can set up a number series for contacts and opportunities.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1d89c-133">If you have set up a number series for contacts, when you create a contact, and press Enter in the No.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1d89c-133">If you have set up a number series for contacts, when you create a contact, and press Enter in the No.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1d89c-134">field on the contact card, the program automatically enters the next available contact number.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1d89c-134">field on the contact card, the program automatically enters the next available contact number.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="1d89c-135">For more information about number series, see [Create Number Series](ui-create-number-series.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1d89c-135">For more information about number series, see [Create Number Series](ui-create-number-series.md).</span></span>

## <a name="search-for-duplicate-contacts-when-contacts-are-created"></a><span data-ttu-id="1d89c-136">Search for duplicate contacts when contacts are created</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1d89c-136">Search for duplicate contacts when contacts are created</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="1d89c-137">You can choose to have the program automatically search for duplicates each time you create a contact company, or you can choose to search manually after you have created contacts.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1d89c-137">You can choose to have the program automatically search for duplicates each time you create a contact company, or you can choose to search manually after you have created contacts.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1d89c-138">You can also choose to have the program update the search strings automatically each time you modify contact information or create a contact.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1d89c-138">You can also choose to have the program update the search strings automatically each time you modify contact information or create a contact.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1d89c-139">You can decide the search hit percentage, that is, the percentage of identical strings two contacts must have for the program to consider them as duplicates.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1d89c-139">You can decide the search hit percentage, that is, the percentage of identical strings two contacts must have for the program to consider them as duplicates.</span></span>

## <a name="set-up-email-logging"></a><span data-ttu-id="1d89c-140">Set up email logging</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1d89c-140">Set up email logging</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="1d89c-141">You can exchange email messages with your contacts, customers, vendors, and so on.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1d89c-141">You can exchange email messages with your contacts, customers, vendors, and so on.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1d89c-142">You can send and receive your email messages either from the application or from Outlook.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1d89c-142">You can send and receive your email messages either from the application or from Outlook.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1d89c-143">Before you can exchange messages this way and have the system store and queue them, you have to set up some parameters, such as time interval at which the program will check whether any emails are waiting to be processed, email logging profile name, and so on.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1d89c-143">Before you can exchange messages this way and have the system store and queue them, you have to set up some parameters, such as time interval at which the program will check whether any emails are waiting to be processed, email logging profile name, and so on.</span></span>

## <a name="see-also"></a><span data-ttu-id="1d89c-144">See Also</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1d89c-144">See Also</span></span>
[<span data-ttu-id="1d89c-145">Manage Contacts</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1d89c-145">Manage Contacts</span></span>](marketing-contacts.md)  

