---
title: Synchronising Contacts With Customers, Vendors, and Bank Accounts
author: edupont04
ms.custom: na
ms.date: 09/16/2016
ms.reviewer: na
ms.suite: na
ms.tgt_pltfrm: na
ms.topic: article
ms.prod: dynamics-nav-2017
ms.translationtype: Human Translation
ms.sourcegitcommit: 6b60b1344a1e18ad91863046110df880f75f7c04
ms.openlocfilehash: 56ff3a7579888b398ed357eda5c76d4d1c73d801
ms.contentlocale: en-gb
ms.lasthandoff: 07/19/2017

---
# <a name="synchronizing-contacts-with-customers-vendors-and-bank-accounts"></a><span data-ttu-id="912eb-102">Synchronising Contacts With Customers, Vendors, and Bank Accounts</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="912eb-102">Synchronizing Contacts With Customers, Vendors, and Bank Accounts</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="912eb-103">If some of your contacts are also customers, vendors, or bank accounts, you can synchronise the contact information with the related customer, vendor, or bank account.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="912eb-103">If some of your contacts are also customers, vendors, or bank accounts, you can synchronize the contact information with the related customer, vendor, or bank account.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="912eb-104">Synchronisation makes information that is common between contacts and customers, vendors, or bank account the same.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="912eb-104">Synchronization makes information that is common between contacts and customers, vendors, or bank account the same.</span></span>  

<span data-ttu-id="912eb-105">Before you can synchronise your contacts with customers, vendors, or bank accounts, you must specify a business relation code for customers, vendors, and bank accounts in the **Marketing Setup** window.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="912eb-105">Before you can synchronize your contacts with customers, vendors, or bank accounts, you must specify a business relation code for customers, vendors, and bank accounts in the **Marketing Setup** window.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="912eb-106">For more information, see [Set Up Marketing and Contact Management](marketing-setup-marketing.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="912eb-106">For more information, see [Set Up Marketing and Contact Management](marketing-setup-marketing.md).</span></span>

## <a name="different-ways-to-synchronize-contacts-with-customers-vendors-and-bank-accounts"></a><span data-ttu-id="912eb-107">Different Ways to Synchronise Contacts with Customers, Vendors and Bank Accounts</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="912eb-107">Different Ways to Synchronize Contacts with Customers, Vendors and Bank Accounts</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="912eb-108">You can synchronise your contacts with customers, vendors, or bank accounts by three methods:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="912eb-108">You can synchronize your contacts with customers, vendors, or bank accounts by three methods:</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="912eb-109">Link contacts with existing customers, vendors, or bank accounts from the contact card.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="912eb-109">Link contacts with existing customers, vendors, or bank accounts from the contact card.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="912eb-110">For more information, see [How to: Link Contacts With Customers, Vendors, and Bank Accounts](marketing-how-link-contact.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="912eb-110">For more information, see [How to: Link Contacts With Customers, Vendors, and Bank Accounts](marketing-how-link-contact.md).</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="912eb-111">Create customers, vendors, or bank accounts from the contact.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="912eb-111">Create customers, vendors, or bank accounts from the contact.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="912eb-112">For more information, see [Create a Customer, Vendor, or Bank Account From a Contact](marketing-how-create-contacts-new-customers-vendors-bank-accounts.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="912eb-112">For more information, see [Create a Customer, Vendor, or Bank Account From a Contact](marketing-how-create-contacts-new-customers-vendors-bank-accounts.md).</span></span>
*  <span data-ttu-id="912eb-113">Create contacts from customers, vendors or bank accounts.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="912eb-113">Create contacts from customers, vendors or bank accounts.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="912eb-114">For more information, see [Create a Company Contact From a Customer, Vendor, or Bank Account](marketing-how-create-contact-companies.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="912eb-114">For more information, see [Create a Company Contact From a Customer, Vendor, or Bank Account](marketing-how-create-contact-companies.md).</span></span>

## <a name="consequences-of-synchronization"></a><span data-ttu-id="912eb-115">Consequences of Synchronisation</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="912eb-115">Consequences of Synchronization</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="912eb-116">When the contact is synchronised with the customer, vendor, bank account:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="912eb-116">When the contact is synchronized with the customer, vendor, bank account:</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="912eb-117">You only have to update information in one place.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="912eb-117">You only have to update information in one place.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="912eb-118">For example, if you modify the phone number on the contact, the phone number is automatically updated with the same modification on the customer, the vendor, or the bank account.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="912eb-118">For example, if you modify the phone number on the contact, the phone number is automatically updated with the same modification on the customer, the vendor, or the bank account.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="912eb-119">If you have specified a number series for contacts, when you create a customer card, a vendor card, or a bank account card, a contact card is automatically created for the customer, vendor or bank account.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="912eb-119">If you have specified a number series for contacts, when you create a customer card, a vendor card, or a bank account card, a contact card is automatically created for the customer, vendor or bank account.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="912eb-120">You can create sales quotes and orders, and purchase quotes and orders from the contact.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="912eb-120">You can create sales quotes and orders, and purchase quotes and orders from the contact.</span></span>
*  <span data-ttu-id="912eb-121">You can have your interactions recorded when you perform actions such as printing orders, blanket orders, creating sales service orders, sending e-mails, and so on.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="912eb-121">You can have your interactions recorded when you perform actions such as printing orders, blanket orders, creating sales service orders, sending e-mails, and so on.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="912eb-122">If you delete a contact linked to a customer, vendor or bank account, only the contact is removed.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="912eb-122">If you delete a contact linked to a customer, vendor or bank account, only the contact is removed.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="912eb-123">The customer, vendor, or bank account remains.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="912eb-123">The customer, vendor, or bank account remains.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="912eb-124">If you delete a customer, vendor, bank account linked to a contact, the contact remains.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="912eb-124">If you delete a customer, vendor, bank account linked to a contact, the contact remains.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="912eb-125">**Note**: Some details, such as invoicing and posting details, do not appear on the contact card.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="912eb-125">**Note**: Some details, such as invoicing and posting details, do not appear on the contact card.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="912eb-126">Therefore, you may want to add them manually on the customer card, vendor card, or bank account card when you create contacts as customers, vendors or bank accounts.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="912eb-126">Therefore, you may want to add them manually on the customer card, vendor card, or bank account card when you create contacts as customers, vendors or bank accounts.</span></span>

##<a name="see-also"></a><span data-ttu-id="912eb-127">See Also</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="912eb-127">See Also</span></span>
[<span data-ttu-id="912eb-128">Manage Contacts</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="912eb-128">Manage Contacts</span></span>](marketing-contacts.md)

