---
title: 'How to: Apply Vendor Payments Manually'
author: SorenGP
ms.custom: na
ms.date: 09/22/2016
ms.reviewer: na
ms.suite: na
ms.tgt_pltfrm: na
ms.topic: article
ms-prod: dynamics-nav-2017
ms.translationtype: Human Translation
ms.sourcegitcommit: 51adfb3588099c496f0946ff71da5c6fe518f070
ms.openlocfilehash: d3aaafc9ac3dcfd1fba3802b1158bde890e09110
ms.contentlocale: en-gb
ms.lasthandoff: 06/26/2017

---

# <a name="how-to-apply-vendor-payments-manually"></a><span data-ttu-id="308d8-102">How to: Apply Vendor Payments Manually</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="308d8-102">How to: Apply Vendor Payments Manually</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="308d8-103">When you send a payment or receive a refund from a vendor, you must decide whether to apply the payment or refund to one or more open entries.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="308d8-103">When you send a payment or receive a refund from a vendor, you must decide whether to apply the payment or refund to one or more open entries.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="308d8-104">You can specify the exact amount that you want to apply to the payment receipt or refund, and then only partially apply vendor ledger entries.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="308d8-104">You can specify the exact amount that you want to apply to the payment receipt or refund, and then only partially apply vendor ledger entries.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="308d8-105">You must apply all vendor ledger entries to obtain correct vendor statistics and reports of the account statements and finance-setup charges.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="308d8-105">You must apply all vendor ledger entries to obtain correct vendor statistics and reports of the account statements and finance-setup charges.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="308d8-106">**Note**: Vendors may sometimes give a payment refund instead of a credit memo to offset against future invoices, especially when you return items that you have already paid for or when you have overpaid an invoice.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="308d8-106">**Note**: Vendors may sometimes give a payment refund instead of a credit memo to offset against future invoices, especially when you return items that you have already paid for or when you have overpaid an invoice.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="308d8-107">You can apply vendor ledger entries in three different ways:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="308d8-107">You can apply vendor ledger entries in three different ways:</span></span>

- <span data-ttu-id="308d8-108">By entering information in dedicated windows, such as the **Payment Journal** window and the **Payment Reconciliation Journal** window.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="308d8-108">By entering information in dedicated windows, such as the **Payment Journal** window and the **Payment Reconciliation Journal** window.</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="308d8-109">From purchase credit memo documents.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="308d8-109">From purchase credit memo documents.</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="308d8-110">From vendor ledger entries after purchase documents are posted but not applied.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="308d8-110">From vendor ledger entries after purchase documents are posted but not applied.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="308d8-111">**Note**: If the **Application Method** field on the vendor card contains **Apply to Oldest**, then payments will automatically be applied to the oldest open credit entry if you do not manually specify which entry to apply to.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="308d8-111">**Note**: If the **Application Method** field on the vendor card contains **Apply to Oldest**, then payments will automatically be applied to the oldest open credit entry if you do not manually specify which entry to apply to.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="308d8-112">If the application method for a customer is **Manual**, then you must apply entries manually.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="308d8-112">If the application method for a customer is **Manual**, then you must apply entries manually.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="308d8-113">You can apply vendor payments manually to their related purchase documents when you post the payments in the **Payment Journal** window.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="308d8-113">You can apply vendor payments manually to their related purchase documents when you post the payments in the **Payment Journal** window.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="308d8-114">For information about filling the payment journal, see [How to: Make Payments](payables-make-payments.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="308d8-114">For information about filling the payment journal, see [How to: Make Payments](payables-make-payments.md).</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="308d8-115">You can also apply vendor payments, and customer payments, after the payments appear as negative bank transactions at your bank.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="308d8-115">You can also apply vendor payments, and customer payments, after the payments appear as negative bank transactions at your bank.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="308d8-116">In the **Payment Reconciliation Journal** window, you can use functions for bank statement import, automatic application, and bank account reconciliation.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="308d8-116">In the **Payment Reconciliation Journal** window, you can use functions for bank statement import, automatic application, and bank account reconciliation.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="308d8-117">For more information, see [Reconcile Payments Using Automatic Application](receivables-how-reconcile-payments-auto-application.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="308d8-117">For more information, see [Reconcile Payments Using Automatic Application](receivables-how-reconcile-payments-auto-application.md).</span></span>

## <a name="to-apply-a-payment-to-a-single-or-multiple-vendor-ledger-entries"></a><span data-ttu-id="308d8-118">To apply a payment to a single or multiple vendor ledger entries</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="308d8-118">To apply a payment to a single or multiple vendor ledger entries</span></span>
1. <span data-ttu-id="308d8-119">In the top right corner, choose the **Search for Page or Report** icon, enter **Payment Journal**, and then choose the related link.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="308d8-119">In the top right corner, choose the **Search for Page or Report** icon, enter **Payment Journal**, and then choose the related link.</span></span>
2. <span data-ttu-id="308d8-120">In the **Payment Journal** window, on the first journal line, enter the relevant information about the payment entry.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="308d8-120">In the **Payment Journal** window, on the first journal line, enter the relevant information about the payment entry.</span></span>
3. <span data-ttu-id="308d8-121">To apply a single vendor ledger entry:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="308d8-121">To apply a single vendor ledger entry:</span></span>
4. <span data-ttu-id="308d8-122">In the **Applies-to Doc. No.**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="308d8-122">In the **Applies-to Doc. No.**</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="308d8-123">field, choose the field to open the **Apply Vendor Entries** window.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="308d8-123">field, choose the field to open the **Apply Vendor Entries** window.</span></span>
5. <span data-ttu-id="308d8-124">In the **Apply Vendor Entries** window, select the entry to apply the payment to.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="308d8-124">In the **Apply Vendor Entries** window, select the entry to apply the payment to.</span></span>
6. <span data-ttu-id="308d8-125">On the line in the **Amount to Apply** field, enter the amount to apply to the entry.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="308d8-125">On the line in the **Amount to Apply** field, enter the amount to apply to the entry.</span></span>
7. <span data-ttu-id="308d8-126">Or, to apply multiple vendor ledger entries:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="308d8-126">Or, to apply multiple vendor ledger entries:</span></span>
8. <span data-ttu-id="308d8-127">Choose the **Apply Entries** action.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="308d8-127">Choose the **Apply Entries** action.</span></span>
9. <span data-ttu-id="308d8-128">In the **Apply Vendor Entries** window, select the lines with the entries to apply the payment to.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="308d8-128">In the **Apply Vendor Entries** window, select the lines with the entries to apply the payment to.</span></span>
10. <span data-ttu-id="308d8-129">Choose the **Set Applies-to ID** action.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="308d8-129">Choose the **Set Applies-to ID** action.</span></span>  
11. <span data-ttu-id="308d8-130">On each line in the **Amount to Apply** field, enter the amount to apply to the individual entry.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="308d8-130">On each line in the **Amount to Apply** field, enter the amount to apply to the individual entry.</span></span>

    <span data-ttu-id="308d8-131">If you do not enter an amount, then the maximum amount is automatically applied.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="308d8-131">If you do not enter an amount, then the maximum amount is automatically applied.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="308d8-132">At the bottom of the **Apply Vendor Entries** window, you can see the amount in the Applied Amount field, and you can see whether the application balances.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="308d8-132">At the bottom of the **Apply Vendor Entries** window, you can see the amount in the Applied Amount field, and you can see whether the application balances.</span></span>
12. <span data-ttu-id="308d8-133">Choose the **OK** button.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="308d8-133">Choose the **OK** button.</span></span>
13. <span data-ttu-id="308d8-134">Choose the **Post** action to post the payment journal.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="308d8-134">Choose the **Post** action to post the payment journal.</span></span>

## <a name="to-apply-a-credit-memo-to-a-single-or-multiple-vendor-ledger-entries"></a><span data-ttu-id="308d8-135">To apply a credit memo to a single or multiple vendor ledger entries</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="308d8-135">To apply a credit memo to a single or multiple vendor ledger entries</span></span>
1. <span data-ttu-id="308d8-136">In the top right corner, choose the **Search for Page or Report** icon, enter **Purchase Credit Memo**, and then choose the related link.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="308d8-136">In the top right corner, choose the **Search for Page or Report** icon, enter **Purchase Credit Memo**, and then choose the related link.</span></span>
2. <span data-ttu-id="308d8-137">Open the credit memo that you want to apply.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="308d8-137">Open the credit memo that you want to apply.</span></span>
3. <span data-ttu-id="308d8-138">Enter the relevant information in the header.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="308d8-138">Enter the relevant information in the header.</span></span>
4. <span data-ttu-id="308d8-139">To apply a single vendor ledger entry:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="308d8-139">To apply a single vendor ledger entry:</span></span>
5. <span data-ttu-id="308d8-140">On the **Application** FastTab, in the **Applies-to Doc. No.**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="308d8-140">On the **Application** FastTab, in the **Applies-to Doc. No.**</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="308d8-141">field, select the entry to apply the credit to.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="308d8-141">field, select the entry to apply the credit to.</span></span>
6. <span data-ttu-id="308d8-142">On the line in the **Amount to Apply** field, enter the amount to apply to the entry.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="308d8-142">On the line in the **Amount to Apply** field, enter the amount to apply to the entry.</span></span>
7. <span data-ttu-id="308d8-143">Or, to apply multiple vendor ledger entries:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="308d8-143">Or, to apply multiple vendor ledger entries:</span></span>
8. <span data-ttu-id="308d8-144">Choose the **Apply Entries** action.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="308d8-144">Choose the **Apply Entries** action.</span></span>
9. <span data-ttu-id="308d8-145">Select the lines with the entries to apply the credit memo to.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="308d8-145">Select the lines with the entries to apply the credit memo to.</span></span>
10. <span data-ttu-id="308d8-146">Choose the **Set Applies-to ID** action.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="308d8-146">Choose the **Set Applies-to ID** action.</span></span>  
11. <span data-ttu-id="308d8-147">On each line in the **Amount to Apply** field, enter the amount to apply to the individual entry.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="308d8-147">On each line in the **Amount to Apply** field, enter the amount to apply to the individual entry.</span></span>

    <span data-ttu-id="308d8-148">If you do not enter an amount, then the maximum amount is automatically applied.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="308d8-148">If you do not enter an amount, then the maximum amount is automatically applied.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="308d8-149">At the bottom of the **Apply Vendor Entries** window, you can see the amount in the **Applied Amount** field, and you can see whether the application balances.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="308d8-149">At the bottom of the **Apply Vendor Entries** window, you can see the amount in the **Applied Amount** field, and you can see whether the application balances.</span></span>
12. <span data-ttu-id="308d8-150">Choose the **OK** button.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="308d8-150">Choose the **OK** button.</span></span>  
<span data-ttu-id="308d8-151">The **Purchase Credit Memo** window shows the entry that you have selected in the **Applies-to Doc. Type** field and the **Applies-to Doc. No.**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="308d8-151">The **Purchase Credit Memo** window shows the entry that you have selected in the **Applies-to Doc. Type** field and the **Applies-to Doc. No.**</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="308d8-152">field.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="308d8-152">field.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="308d8-153">The window also shows the amount of the credit memo to be posted, adjusted for any payment discounts.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="308d8-153">The window also shows the amount of the credit memo to be posted, adjusted for any payment discounts.</span></span>
13. <span data-ttu-id="308d8-154">Choose the **Post** button to post the purchase credit memo.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="308d8-154">Choose the **Post** button to post the purchase credit memo.</span></span>

## <a name="to-apply-posted-vendor-ledger-entries"></a><span data-ttu-id="308d8-155">To apply posted vendor ledger entries</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="308d8-155">To apply posted vendor ledger entries</span></span>

1. <span data-ttu-id="308d8-156">In the top right corner, choose the **Search for Page or Report** icon, enter **Vendors**, and then choose the related link.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="308d8-156">In the top right corner, choose the **Search for Page or Report** icon, enter **Vendors**, and then choose the related link.</span></span>
2. <span data-ttu-id="308d8-157">Open the relevant vendor with entries that have already been posted.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="308d8-157">Open the relevant vendor with entries that have already been posted.</span></span>
3. <span data-ttu-id="308d8-158">Choose the **Ledger Entries** action, and then choose the **Apply Entries** action.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="308d8-158">Choose the **Ledger Entries** action, and then choose the **Apply Entries** action.</span></span>
4. <span data-ttu-id="308d8-159">In the **Apply Vendor Entries** window, you can see the open entries for the vendor.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="308d8-159">In the **Apply Vendor Entries** window, you can see the open entries for the vendor.</span></span>
5. <span data-ttu-id="308d8-160">Select the line with the entry that will be applied.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="308d8-160">Select the line with the entry that will be applied.</span></span>
6. <span data-ttu-id="308d8-161">Choose the **Set Applies-to ID** action.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="308d8-161">Choose the **Set Applies-to ID** action.</span></span>
7. <span data-ttu-id="308d8-162">The **Applies-to ID** field displays three asterisks if you work in a single-user system or your user ID if you work in a multiuser system.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="308d8-162">The **Applies-to ID** field displays three asterisks if you work in a single-user system or your user ID if you work in a multiuser system.</span></span>  
8. <span data-ttu-id="308d8-163">For each line in the **Amount to Apply** field, enter the amount to apply to the individual entry.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="308d8-163">For each line in the **Amount to Apply** field, enter the amount to apply to the individual entry.</span></span>

    <span data-ttu-id="308d8-164">If you do not enter an amount, then the maximum amount is automatically applied.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="308d8-164">If you do not enter an amount, then the maximum amount is automatically applied.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="308d8-165">You can see the amount in the **Applied Amount** field at the bottom of the **Apply Vendor Entries** window.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="308d8-165">You can see the amount in the **Applied Amount** field at the bottom of the **Apply Vendor Entries** window.</span></span>
9. <span data-ttu-id="308d8-166">Choose the **Post Application** action.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="308d8-166">Choose the **Post Application** action.</span></span>  
<span data-ttu-id="308d8-167">The **Post Application** window opens with the document number of the applying entry and the posting date of the entry with the most recent posting date.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="308d8-167">The **Post Application** window opens with the document number of the applying entry and the posting date of the entry with the most recent posting date.</span></span>
10. <span data-ttu-id="308d8-168">Choose the **OK** button to post the application.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="308d8-168">Choose the **OK** button to post the application.</span></span>

## <a name="to-apply-vendor-ledger-entries-in-different-currencies-to-one-another"></a><span data-ttu-id="308d8-169">To apply vendor ledger entries in different currencies to one another</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="308d8-169">To apply vendor ledger entries in different currencies to one another</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="308d8-170">If you buy from a vendor in one currency and make payment in another currency, you can still apply the invoice to the payment.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="308d8-170">If you buy from a vendor in one currency and make payment in another currency, you can still apply the invoice to the payment.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="308d8-171">If you apply an entry (Entry 1) in one currency to an entry (Entry 2) in a different currency, the posting date on Entry 1 is used to find the relevant exchange rate to convert amounts on Entry 2.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="308d8-171">If you apply an entry (Entry 1) in one currency to an entry (Entry 2) in a different currency, the posting date on Entry 1 is used to find the relevant exchange rate to convert amounts on Entry 2.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="308d8-172">The relevant exchange rate is found in the **Currency Exchange Rates** window.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="308d8-172">The relevant exchange rate is found in the **Currency Exchange Rates** window.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="308d8-173">Applying vendor ledger entries in different currencies must be enabled.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="308d8-173">Applying vendor ledger entries in different currencies must be enabled.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="308d8-174">For more information, see [How to: Enable Application of Ledger Entries in Different Currencies](finance-setup-how-enable-application-ledger-entries-different-currencies.md)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="308d8-174">For more information, see [How to: Enable Application of Ledger Entries in Different Currencies](finance-setup-how-enable-application-ledger-entries-different-currencies.md)</span></span>

1. <span data-ttu-id="308d8-175">In the top right corner, choose the **Search for Page or Report** icon, enter **Payment Journal**, and choose the related link.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="308d8-175">In the top right corner, choose the **Search for Page or Report** icon, enter **Payment Journal**, and choose the related link.</span></span>
2. <span data-ttu-id="308d8-176">Open the journal you want, and fill in the first empty journal line using a currency code.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="308d8-176">Open the journal you want, and fill in the first empty journal line using a currency code.</span></span>
3. <span data-ttu-id="308d8-177">Choose the **Apply Entries** action.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="308d8-177">Choose the **Apply Entries** action.</span></span>
4. <span data-ttu-id="308d8-178">Select the line with the entry you want to apply to the entry in the payment journal, choose the **Set Applies-to ID** action, and then select the entry you want to apply to.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="308d8-178">Select the line with the entry you want to apply to the entry in the payment journal, choose the **Set Applies-to ID** action, and then select the entry you want to apply to.</span></span>
5. <span data-ttu-id="308d8-179">Choose the **OK** button to return to the payment journal.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="308d8-179">Choose the **OK** button to return to the payment journal.</span></span>
6. <span data-ttu-id="308d8-180">Post the payment journal.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="308d8-180">Post the payment journal.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="308d8-181">**Important**: When you apply entries in different currencies to one another, the entries are converted to GBP.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="308d8-181">**Important**: When you apply entries in different currencies to one another, the entries are converted to USD.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="308d8-182">Even though the exchange rates for the two relevant currencies are fixed, for example between GBP and EUR, there may be a small residual amount when these foreign-currency amounts are converted to GBP.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="308d8-182">Even though the exchange rates for the two relevant currencies are fixed, for example between USD and EUR, there may be a small residual amount when these foreign-currency amounts are converted to USD.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="308d8-183">These small residual amounts are posted as gains and losses to the account specified in the **Realised Gains Account** or **Realised Losses Account** field in the **Currencies** window.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="308d8-183">These small residual amounts are posted as gains and losses to the account specified in the **Realized Gains Account** or **Realized Losses Account** field in the **Currencies** window.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="308d8-184">The **Amount (GBP)** field is also adjusted on the relevant vendor ledger entries.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="308d8-184">The **Amount (USD)** field is also adjusted on the relevant vendor ledger entries.</span></span>

## <a name="to-unapply-an-application-of-vendor-entries"></a><span data-ttu-id="308d8-185">To unapply an application of vendor entries</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="308d8-185">To unapply an application of vendor entries</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="308d8-186">When you unapply an erroneous application, correcting entries that are identical to the original entry but with opposite sign in the amount field are created and posted for all entries, including all general ledger posting derived from the application, such as payment discount and currency gains/losses.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="308d8-186">When you unapply an erroneous application, correcting entries that are identical to the original entry but with opposite sign in the amount field are created and posted for all entries, including all general ledger posting derived from the application, such as payment discount and currency gains/losses.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="308d8-187">The entries that were closed by the application are reopened.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="308d8-187">The entries that were closed by the application are reopened.</span></span>

1. <span data-ttu-id="308d8-188">In the top right corner, choose the **Search for Page or Report** icon, enter **Vendors**, and then choose the related link.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="308d8-188">In the top right corner, choose the **Search for Page or Report** icon, enter **Vendors**, and then choose the related link.</span></span>
2. <span data-ttu-id="308d8-189">Open the relevant vendor card.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="308d8-189">Open the relevant vendor card.</span></span>
3. <span data-ttu-id="308d8-190">Choose the **Ledger Entries** action.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="308d8-190">Choose the **Ledger Entries** action.</span></span>
4. <span data-ttu-id="308d8-191">Select the relevant ledger entry, and then choose the **Unapply Entries** action.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="308d8-191">Select the relevant ledger entry, and then choose the **Unapply Entries** action.</span></span>
5. <span data-ttu-id="308d8-192">Alternatively, choose the **Detailed Ledger Entry** action.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="308d8-192">Alternatively, choose the **Detailed Ledger Entry** action.</span></span>
6. <span data-ttu-id="308d8-193">Select the application entry, and then choose the **Unapply Entries** action.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="308d8-193">Select the application entry, and then choose the **Unapply Entries** action.</span></span>
7. <span data-ttu-id="308d8-194">Fill in the fields in the header, and then choose the **Unapply** action.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="308d8-194">Fill in the fields in the header, and then choose the **Unapply** action.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="308d8-195">**Important**: If an entry has been applied by more than one application entry, you must unapply the latest application entry first.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="308d8-195">**Important**: If an entry has been applied by more than one application entry, you must unapply the latest application entry first.</span></span>

## <a name="see-also"></a><span data-ttu-id="308d8-196">See Also</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="308d8-196">See Also</span></span>
[<span data-ttu-id="308d8-197">Payables</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="308d8-197">Payables</span></span>](payables-manage-payables.md)  
[<span data-ttu-id="308d8-198">Manage Purchasing</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="308d8-198">Manage Purchasing</span></span>](purchasing-manage-purchasing.md)

