---
title: 'How to: Export Payments to a Bank File'
author: SorenGP
ms.custom: na
ms.date: 09/22/2016
ms.reviewer: na
ms.suite: na
ms.tgt_pltfrm: na
ms.topic: article
ms.prod: dynamics-nav-2017
ms.translationtype: Human Translation
ms.sourcegitcommit: 6b60b1344a1e18ad91863046110df880f75f7c04
ms.openlocfilehash: 3f3e45ec6dcee135a908bcf9b10aae40cb08b1ea
ms.contentlocale: en-gb
ms.lasthandoff: 07/19/2017

---

# <a name="how-to-export-payments-to-a-bank-file"></a><span data-ttu-id="6130a-102">How to: Export Payments to a Bank File</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6130a-102">How to: Export Payments to a Bank File</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="6130a-103">When you are ready to make payments to your vendors using the **Payment Journal** window, you can export a file with the payment information on the journal lines.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6130a-103">When you are ready to make payments to your vendors using the **Payment Journal** window, you can export a file with the payment information on the journal lines.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="6130a-104">You can then upload the file to your electronic bank to process the related money transfers.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6130a-104">You can then upload the file to your electronic bank to process the related money transfers.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="6130a-105">In the generic version of Dynamics NAV, a global provider of services to convert bank data to any file format that your bank requires is set up and connected.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6130a-105">In the generic version of Dynamics NAV, a global provider of services to convert bank data to any file format that your bank requires is set up and connected.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="6130a-106">**Note**: Before you can export from a payment journal, you must enable export on the related journal batch.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6130a-106">**Note**: Before you can export from a payment journal, you must enable export on the related journal batch.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="6130a-107">In addition, your bank account and the vendor’s bank account must be set up for electronic payment.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6130a-107">In addition, your bank account and the vendor’s bank account must be set up for electronic payment.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="6130a-108">For more information, see [How to: Set Up the Bank Data Conversion Service](bank-how-setup-bank-data-conversion-service.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6130a-108">For more information, see [How to: Set Up the Bank Data Conversion Service](bank-how-setup-bank-data-conversion-service.md).</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="6130a-109">You use the **Credit Transfer Registers** window to view the payment files that have been exported from the payment journal.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6130a-109">You use the **Credit Transfer Registers** window to view the payment files that have been exported from the payment journal.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="6130a-110">From this window, you can also re-export payment files in case of technical errors or file changes.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6130a-110">From this window, you can also re-export payment files in case of technical errors or file changes.</span></span>

## <a name="to-export-payments-to-a-bank-file"></a><span data-ttu-id="6130a-111">To export payments to a bank file</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6130a-111">To export payments to a bank file</span></span>
1. <span data-ttu-id="6130a-112">In the top right corner, choose the **Search for Page or Report** icon, enter **Payment Journals**, and then choose the related link.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6130a-112">In the top right corner, choose the **Search for Page or Report** icon, enter **Payment Journals**, and then choose the related link.</span></span>
2. <span data-ttu-id="6130a-113">Fill payment journal lines, for example, by using the **Suggest Vendor Payments** function.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6130a-113">Fill payment journal lines, for example, by using the **Suggest Vendor Payments** function.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="6130a-114">For more information, see [How to: Suggest Vendor Payments](payables-how-suggest-vendor-payments.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6130a-114">For more information, see [How to: Suggest Vendor Payments](payables-how-suggest-vendor-payments.md).</span></span>  
3. <span data-ttu-id="6130a-115">When you have completed all payment journal lines, choose **Export Payment to File**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6130a-115">When you have completed all payment journal lines, choose **Export Payment to File**.</span></span>

    <span data-ttu-id="6130a-116">Any error messages will be shown in the **Payment File Errors** FactBox where you can also choose an error message to see detailed information.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6130a-116">Any error messages will be shown in the **Payment File Errors** FactBox where you can also choose an error message to see detailed information.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="6130a-117">You must resolve all errors before the payment file can be exported.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6130a-117">You must resolve all errors before the payment file can be exported.</span></span>

    <span data-ttu-id="6130a-118">**Tip**: When you use the bank data conversion service, a common error message states that the bank account number does not have the length that your bank requires.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6130a-118">**Tip**: When you use the bank data conversion service, a common error message states that the bank account number does not have the length that your bank requires.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="6130a-119">To avoid or resolve the error, you must remove the value in the **IBAN** field in the **Bank Account Card** window and then, in the **Bank Account No.**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6130a-119">To avoid or resolve the error, you must remove the value in the **IBAN** field in the **Bank Account Card** window and then, in the **Bank Account No.**</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="6130a-120">field, enter a bank account number in the format that your bank requires.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6130a-120">field, enter a bank account number in the format that your bank requires.</span></span>
4. <span data-ttu-id="6130a-121">In the **Save As** window, specify the location that the file is exported to, and then choose **Save**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6130a-121">In the **Save As** window, specify the location that the file is exported to, and then choose **Save**.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="6130a-122">The bank payment file is exported to the location that you specify, and you can proceed to upload it to your electronic bank account and make the actual payments.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6130a-122">The bank payment file is exported to the location that you specify, and you can proceed to upload it to your electronic bank account and make the actual payments.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="6130a-123">When you receive confirmation that the payments are successfully processed in the bank, you can post the exported payment journal lines.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6130a-123">When you receive confirmation that the payments are successfully processed in the bank, you can post the exported payment journal lines.</span></span>

## <a name="to-plan-when-to-post-exported-payments"></a><span data-ttu-id="6130a-124">To plan when to post exported payments</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6130a-124">To plan when to post exported payments</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="6130a-125">If you do not want to post a payment journal line for an exported payment, for example because you are waiting for confirmation that the transaction has been processed by the bank, you can just delete the journal line.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6130a-125">If you do not want to post a payment journal line for an exported payment, for example because you are waiting for confirmation that the transaction has been processed by the bank, you can just delete the journal line.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="6130a-126">When you later create a payment journal line to pay the remaining amount on the invoice, the **Total Exported Amount** field shows how much of the payment amount has already been exported.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6130a-126">When you later create a payment journal line to pay the remaining amount on the invoice, the **Total Exported Amount** field shows how much of the payment amount has already been exported.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="6130a-127">Also, you can find detailed information about the exported total by choosing the **Credit Transfer Reg. Entries** button to see details about exported payment files.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6130a-127">Also, you can find detailed information about the exported total by choosing the **Credit Transfer Reg. Entries** button to see details about exported payment files.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="6130a-128">If you follow a process where you do not post payments until you have confirmation that they have been processed in the bank, you can control this in two ways.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6130a-128">If you follow a process where you do not post payments until you have confirmation that they have been processed in the bank, you can control this in two ways.</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="6130a-129">In a payment journal with suggested payment lines, you can sort on either the **Exported to Payment File** column or the **Total Exported Amount** and then delete payment suggestions for open invoices for which payments have already been made and you do not want to make payments for.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6130a-129">In a payment journal with suggested payment lines, you can sort on either the **Exported to Payment File** column or the **Total Exported Amount** and then delete payment suggestions for open invoices for which payments have already been made and you do not want to make payments for.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="6130a-130">In the **Suggest Vendor Payments** window, where you specify which payments to insert in the payment journal, you can select the **Skip Exported Payments** check box if you do not want to insert journal lines for payments that have already been exported.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6130a-130">In the **Suggest Vendor Payments** window, where you specify which payments to insert in the payment journal, you can select the **Skip Exported Payments** check box if you do not want to insert journal lines for payments that have already been exported.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="6130a-131">To see information about exported payments, choose the **Payment Export History** action.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6130a-131">To see information about exported payments, choose the **Payment Export History** action.</span></span>

## <a name="to-re-export-payments-to-a-bank-file"></a><span data-ttu-id="6130a-132">To re-export payments to a bank file</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6130a-132">To re-export payments to a bank file</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="6130a-133">You can re-export payment files from the **Credit Transfer Registers** window.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6130a-133">You can re-export payment files from the **Credit Transfer Registers** window.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="6130a-134">Before you delete or post payment journal lines, you can also re-export the payment file from the **Payment Journal** window by simply exporting it again.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6130a-134">Before you delete or post payment journal lines, you can also re-export the payment file from the **Payment Journal** window by simply exporting it again.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="6130a-135">If you have deleted or posted the payment journal lines after exporting them, you can re-export the same payment file from the **Credit Transfer Registers** window.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6130a-135">If you have deleted or posted the payment journal lines after exporting them, you can re-export the same payment file from the **Credit Transfer Registers** window.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="6130a-136">Select the line for the batch of credit transfers that you want to re-export, and then use the **Reexport Payments to File** action.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6130a-136">Select the line for the batch of credit transfers that you want to re-export, and then use the **Reexport Payments to File** action.</span></span>

## <a name="see-also"></a><span data-ttu-id="6130a-137">See Also</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6130a-137">See Also</span></span>
[<span data-ttu-id="6130a-138">Payables</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6130a-138">Payables</span></span>](payables-manage-payables.md)  
[<span data-ttu-id="6130a-139">Manage Purchasing</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6130a-139">Manage Purchasing</span></span>](purchasing-manage-purchasing.md)  
[<span data-ttu-id="6130a-140">Set Up Purchasing</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6130a-140">Set Up Purchasing</span></span>](purchasing-setup-purchasing.md)

