---
title: 'How to: Record Usage for Jobs'
author: SorenGP
ms.custom: na
ms.date: 11/01/2016
ms.reviewer: na
ms.suite: na
ms.tgt_pltfrm: na
ms.topic: article
ms-prod: dynamics-nav-2017
ms.translationtype: Human Translation
ms.sourcegitcommit: 51adfb3588099c496f0946ff71da5c6fe518f070
ms.openlocfilehash: 86cc31ea9c117700d2905dd6b8c4bd88eb0f9854
ms.contentlocale: en-gb
ms.lasthandoff: 06/26/2017

---

#<a name="how-to-record-usage-for-jobs"></a><span data-ttu-id="d077a-102">How to: Record Usage for Jobs</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d077a-102">How to: Record Usage for Jobs</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="d077a-103">In the **Job Planning Lines** window, you can review and record usage on various parts of your job, which is automatically updated as you modify and transfer information between jobs and job journals or job invoices.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d077a-103">In the **Job Planning Lines** window, you can review and record usage on various parts of your job, which is automatically updated as you modify and transfer information between jobs and job journals or job invoices.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d077a-104">This requires that you have set up a job so that the **Apply Usage Link** is turned on.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d077a-104">This requires that you have set up a job so that the **Apply Usage Link** is turned on.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d077a-105">For more information, see [How to: Set Up: Jobs](projects-how-setup-jobs.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d077a-105">For more information, see [How to: Set Up: Jobs](projects-how-setup-jobs.md).</span></span>  

<span data-ttu-id="d077a-106">For example, for planning lines of type **Budget**, you can enter the quantity of a resource, and indicate what quantity to transfer to the job journal.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d077a-106">For example, for planning lines of type **Budget**, you can enter the quantity of a resource, and indicate what quantity to transfer to the job journal.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d077a-107">If the type of the planning line is **Billable**, you can enter the quantity of the resource, and indicate what quantity to transfer to an invoice.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d077a-107">If the type of the planning line is **Billable**, you can enter the quantity of the resource, and indicate what quantity to transfer to an invoice.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d077a-108">By comparing the quantity that has been transferred to the journal or invoice with the remaining quantity, you can quickly review usage information.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d077a-108">By comparing the quantity that has been transferred to the journal or invoice with the remaining quantity, you can quickly review usage information.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="d077a-109">The following procedures describe how to record actual (billable) or budgeted job prices and costs.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d077a-109">The following procedures describe how to record actual (billable) or budgeted job prices and costs.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d077a-110">For information about estimating budgeted values during planning, see [How to: Manage Job Budgets](projects-how-manage-budgets.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d077a-110">For information about estimating budgeted values during planning, see [How to: Manage Job Budgets](projects-how-manage-budgets.md).</span></span>

## <a name="to-record-usage-for-a-job-planning-line-of-type-budget"></a><span data-ttu-id="d077a-111">To record usage for a job planning line of type Budget</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d077a-111">To record usage for a job planning line of type Budget</span></span>

1. <span data-ttu-id="d077a-112">In the top right corner, choose the **Search for Page or Report** icon, enter **Jobs**, and then choose the related link.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d077a-112">In the top right corner, choose the **Search for Page or Report** icon, enter **Jobs**, and then choose the related link.</span></span>  
2. <span data-ttu-id="d077a-113">Select the relevant job, and then choose the **Job Planning Lines** action.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d077a-113">Select the relevant job, and then choose the **Job Planning Lines** action.</span></span>
3. <span data-ttu-id="d077a-114">Select a job planning line of type **Budget** or **Both Budget and Billable** for which you want to record usage.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d077a-114">Select a job planning line of type **Budget** or **Both Budget and Billable** for which you want to record usage.</span></span>
4. <span data-ttu-id="d077a-115">In the **Qty. To Transfer to Journal** field, enter the number that you want to transfer.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d077a-115">In the **Qty. To Transfer to Journal** field, enter the number that you want to transfer.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d077a-116">The default quantity is the value that you enter in the **Quantity** field.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d077a-116">The default quantity is the value that you enter in the **Quantity** field.</span></span>

    <span data-ttu-id="d077a-117">The **Remaining Quantity** field shows the quantity that remains to complete the job and be transferred to the journal.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d077a-117">The **Remaining Quantity** field shows the quantity that remains to complete the job and be transferred to the journal.</span></span>  

5. <span data-ttu-id="d077a-118">Choose the **Create Job Journal Lines** action.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d077a-118">Choose the **Create Job Journal Lines** action.</span></span>
6. <span data-ttu-id="d077a-119">In the **Job Transfer Job Planning Line** window, fill in the fields as necessary.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d077a-119">In the **Job Transfer Job Planning Line** window, fill in the fields as necessary.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d077a-120">Choose a field to read a short description of the field or link to more information.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d077a-120">Choose a field to read a short description of the field or link to more information.</span></span>
7. <span data-ttu-id="d077a-121">Choose the **Open Job Journal** action.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d077a-121">Choose the **Open Job Journal** action.</span></span>  
8. <span data-ttu-id="d077a-122">In the **Job Journal** window, select the relevant line and then choose the **Post** action.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d077a-122">In the **Job Journal** window, select the relevant line and then choose the **Post** action.</span></span>
9. <span data-ttu-id="d077a-123">In the **Job Planning Lines** window, review the recorded usage by observing the **Quantity**, **Remaining Quantity**, and **Qty. To Transfer to Journal** fields.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d077a-123">In the **Job Planning Lines** window, review the recorded usage by observing the **Quantity**, **Remaining Quantity**, and **Qty. To Transfer to Journal** fields.</span></span>  
10. <span data-ttu-id="d077a-124">Repeat steps 3 through 8 to record additional usage.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d077a-124">Repeat steps 3 through 8 to record additional usage.</span></span>  

## <a name="to-record-usage-for-a-job-planning-line-of-type-billable"></a><span data-ttu-id="d077a-125">To record usage for a job planning line of type Billable</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d077a-125">To record usage for a job planning line of type Billable</span></span>  
<span data-ttu-id="d077a-126">In the next task, you also record usage, but for a job planning line of type **Billable**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d077a-126">In the next task, you also record usage, but for a job planning line of type **Billable**.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d077a-127">Typically, in this case, you invoice your usage, but you can also transfer it to a journal.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d077a-127">Typically, in this case, you invoice your usage, but you can also transfer it to a journal.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d077a-128">However, when you do that, a job planning line of type **Budget** is created to match the billable line.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d077a-128">However, when you do that, a job planning line of type **Budget** is created to match the billable line.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d077a-129">For more information, see [How to: Manage Job Budgets](projects-how-manage-budgets.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d077a-129">For more information, see [How to: Manage Job Budgets](projects-how-manage-budgets.md).</span></span>

1. <span data-ttu-id="d077a-130">In the top right corner, choose the **Search for Page or Report** icon, enter **Jobs**, and then choose the related link.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d077a-130">In the top right corner, choose the **Search for Page or Report** icon, enter **Jobs**, and then choose the related link.</span></span>
2. <span data-ttu-id="d077a-131">Select the relevant job, and then choose the **Job Planning Lines** action.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d077a-131">Select the relevant job, and then choose the **Job Planning Lines** action.</span></span>  
3. <span data-ttu-id="d077a-132">Select a job planning line of type **Billable** for which you want to record usage.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d077a-132">Select a job planning line of type **Billable** for which you want to record usage.</span></span>
4. <span data-ttu-id="d077a-133">In the **Qty. To Transfer to Invoice** field, enter the number that you want to transfer.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d077a-133">In the **Qty. To Transfer to Invoice** field, enter the number that you want to transfer.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d077a-134">The default quantity is the value that you enter in the **Quantity** field.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d077a-134">The default quantity is the value that you enter in the **Quantity** field.</span></span>

    <span data-ttu-id="d077a-135">The **Quantity to Invoice** field shows the quantity that remains to complete the job and be invoiced.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d077a-135">The **Quantity to Invoice** field shows the quantity that remains to complete the job and be invoiced.</span></span>  

5. <span data-ttu-id="d077a-136">Choose the **Create Sales Invoice** action.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d077a-136">Choose the **Create Sales Invoice** action.</span></span>
6. <span data-ttu-id="d077a-137">In the **Job Transfer to Sales Invoice** window, fill in the fields as necessary, and then choose the **OK** button.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d077a-137">In the **Job Transfer to Sales Invoice** window, fill in the fields as necessary, and then choose the **OK** button.</span></span>
7. <span data-ttu-id="d077a-138">In the **Job Planning Lines** window, select the relevant line, and then choose the **Post** action.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d077a-138">In the **Job Planning Lines** window, select the relevant line, and then choose the **Post** action.</span></span>
8. <span data-ttu-id="d077a-139">Review the recorded usage by observing the **Quantity**, **Quantity to Invoice**, **Qty. To Transfer to Invoice** fields, and, if the sales invoice is posted, the **Qty. Invoiced** fields.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d077a-139">Review the recorded usage by observing the **Quantity**, **Quantity to Invoice**, **Qty. To Transfer to Invoice** fields, and, if the sales invoice is posted, the **Qty. Invoiced** fields.</span></span>
9. <span data-ttu-id="d077a-140">Repeat steps 3 through 8 to record additional usage.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d077a-140">Repeat steps 3 through 8 to record additional usage.</span></span>  
10. <span data-ttu-id="d077a-141">To review a related posted sales invoice, choose the **Sales Invoices/Credit Memos** action.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d077a-141">To review a related posted sales invoice, choose the **Sales Invoices/Credit Memos** action.</span></span>  
11. <span data-ttu-id="d077a-142">In the **Job Invoices** window, select the relevant invoice, and then choose the **Open Sales Invoice/Credit Memo** action.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d077a-142">In the **Job Invoices** window, select the relevant invoice, and then choose the **Open Sales Invoice/Credit Memo** action.</span></span>         

## <a name="to-create-job-journal-lines-from-job-planning-lines"></a><span data-ttu-id="d077a-143">To create job journal lines from job planning lines</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d077a-143">To create job journal lines from job planning lines</span></span>  
<span data-ttu-id="d077a-144">When you are ready to post financial information for jobs, you must create job journal lines that you can post.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d077a-144">When you are ready to post financial information for jobs, you must create job journal lines that you can post.</span></span>

1. <span data-ttu-id="d077a-145">In the top right corner, choose the **Search for Page or Report** icon, enter **Jobs**, and then choose the related link.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d077a-145">In the top right corner, choose the **Search for Page or Report** icon, enter **Jobs**, and then choose the related link.</span></span>  
2. <span data-ttu-id="d077a-146">Select a relevant open job, and then choose the **Job Planning Lines** action.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d077a-146">Select a relevant open job, and then choose the **Job Planning Lines** action.</span></span>  
3. <span data-ttu-id="d077a-147">In the **Job Planning Lines** window, on a relevant job planning line, in the **Qty. to Transfer to Journal** field, enter the quantity that you want to transfer to a job journal.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d077a-147">In the **Job Planning Lines** window, on a relevant job planning line, in the **Qty. to Transfer to Journal** field, enter the quantity that you want to transfer to a job journal.</span></span>  
4. <span data-ttu-id="d077a-148">Choose the **Create Job Journal Lines** action.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d077a-148">Choose the **Create Job Journal Lines** action.</span></span>
5. <span data-ttu-id="d077a-149">In the **Job Transfer Job Planning Line** window, fill in the fields as necessary.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d077a-149">In the **Job Transfer Job Planning Line** window, fill in the fields as necessary.</span></span>  
6. <span data-ttu-id="d077a-150">Choose the **OK** button.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d077a-150">Choose the **OK** button.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d077a-151">Job journal lines are created.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d077a-151">Job journal lines are created.</span></span>
7. <span data-ttu-id="d077a-152">To verify the transfer, open the relevant job journal batch and check the entries.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d077a-152">To verify the transfer, open the relevant job journal batch and check the entries.</span></span>  
8. <span data-ttu-id="d077a-153">When the job journal lines are complete, choose the **Post** action.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d077a-153">When the job journal lines are complete, choose the **Post** action.</span></span>  

## <a name="to-create-job-journal-lines-manually"></a><span data-ttu-id="d077a-154">To create job journal lines manually</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d077a-154">To create job journal lines manually</span></span>  

1. <span data-ttu-id="d077a-155">In the top right corner, choose the **Search for Page or Report** icon, enter **Job Journals**, and then choose the related link.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d077a-155">In the top right corner, choose the **Search for Page or Report** icon, enter **Job Journals**, and then choose the related link.</span></span>  
2. <span data-ttu-id="d077a-156">In the **Batch Name** field, choose a relevant job journal batch.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d077a-156">In the **Batch Name** field, choose a relevant job journal batch.</span></span>  
3. <span data-ttu-id="d077a-157">On a new line, enter document number, job number, job task number, type, and the quantity of the type being consumed.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d077a-157">On a new line, enter document number, job number, job task number, type, and the quantity of the type being consumed.</span></span>  
4. <span data-ttu-id="d077a-158">When the job journal lines are complete, choose the **Post** action.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d077a-158">When the job journal lines are complete, choose the **Post** action.</span></span>  

## <a name="to-review-planning-lines-for-a-job-ledger-entry"></a><span data-ttu-id="d077a-159">To review planning lines for a job ledger entry</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d077a-159">To review planning lines for a job ledger entry</span></span>  
<span data-ttu-id="d077a-160">After you have posted job journal lines, you can see the planning lines that are associated with the job journal entries that have been posted.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d077a-160">After you have posted job journal lines, you can see the planning lines that are associated with the job journal entries that have been posted.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="d077a-161">**Note**: This requires that the **Apply Usage Link** check box has been selected for the job, or is the default setting for all jobs in your organization.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d077a-161">**Note**: This requires that the **Apply Usage Link** check box has been selected for the job, or is the default setting for all jobs in your organization.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d077a-162">For more information, see [How to: Set Up Jobs](projects-how-setup-jobs.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d077a-162">For more information, see [How to: Set Up Jobs](projects-how-setup-jobs.md).</span></span>  

1. <span data-ttu-id="d077a-163">In the top right corner, choose the **Search for Page or Report** icon, enter **Job Journals**, and then choose the related link.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d077a-163">In the top right corner, choose the **Search for Page or Report** icon, enter **Job Journals**, and then choose the related link.</span></span>  
2. <span data-ttu-id="d077a-164">Select a relevant job journal, and then choose the **Ledger Entries** action.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d077a-164">Select a relevant job journal, and then choose the **Ledger Entries** action.</span></span>  
3. <span data-ttu-id="d077a-165">In the **Job Ledger Entries** window, choose **Show Linked Job Planning Lines** action.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d077a-165">In the **Job Ledger Entries** window, choose **Show Linked Job Planning Lines** action.</span></span>

## <a name="see-also"></a><span data-ttu-id="d077a-166">See Also</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d077a-166">See Also</span></span>
[<span data-ttu-id="d077a-167">Manage Projects</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d077a-167">Manage Projects</span></span>](projects-manage-projects.md)  
[<span data-ttu-id="d077a-168">Finance</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d077a-168">Finance</span></span>](finance-setup.md)  
<span data-ttu-id="d077a-169">[Manage Purchasing](purchasing-manage-purchasing.md)       </span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d077a-169">[Manage Purchasing](purchasing-manage-purchasing.md)       </span></span>  
<span data-ttu-id="d077a-170">[Manage Sales](sales-manage-sales.md)    </span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d077a-170">[Manage Sales](sales-manage-sales.md)    </span></span>  
[<span data-ttu-id="d077a-171">Work With Dynamics NAV</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d077a-171">Work With Dynamics NAV</span></span>](ui-work-product.md)  

