---
title: 'How to: Process Purchase Returns or Cancellations'
author: SorenGP
ms.custom: na
ms.date: 11/22/2016
ms.reviewer: na
ms.suite: na
ms.tgt_pltfrm: na
ms.topic: article
ms.prod: dynamics-nav-2017
ms.translationtype: Human Translation
ms.sourcegitcommit: 6b60b1344a1e18ad91863046110df880f75f7c04
ms.openlocfilehash: 6f4b966e1a86b828c0972e0a72da4aa98f61a732
ms.contentlocale: en-gb
ms.lasthandoff: 07/19/2017

---

# <a name="how-to-process-purchase-returns-or-cancellations"></a><span data-ttu-id="ab15c-102">How to: Process Purchase Returns or Cancellations</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ab15c-102">How to: Process Purchase Returns or Cancellations</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="ab15c-103">If you want to return items to your vendor or cancel services that you have purchased, then you can create and post a purchase credit memo that specifies the requested change with regard to the original purchase invoice.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ab15c-103">If you want to return items to your vendor or cancel services that you have purchased, then you can create and post a purchase credit memo that specifies the requested change with regard to the original purchase invoice.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="ab15c-104">To include the correct purchase invoice information, you can create the purchase credit memo from the posted purchase invoice or use a copy function.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ab15c-104">To include the correct purchase invoice information, you can create the purchase credit memo from the posted purchase invoice or use a copy function.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="ab15c-105">Typically, you create a purchase credit memo in reaction to a credit memo sent to you by a vendor.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ab15c-105">Typically, you create a purchase credit memo in reaction to a credit memo sent to you by a vendor.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="ab15c-106">The purchase credit memo functions as your internal documentation of the credit memo process for accounting purposes.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ab15c-106">The purchase credit memo functions as your internal documentation of the credit memo process for accounting purposes.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="ab15c-107">The change may relate to all the products on the original purchase invoice or only to some of the products.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ab15c-107">The change may relate to all the products on the original purchase invoice or only to some of the products.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="ab15c-108">Accordingly, you can partially return received items or demand partial reimbursement of received services.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ab15c-108">Accordingly, you can partially return received items or demand partial reimbursement of received services.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="ab15c-109">In that case, you must edit the copied purchase invoice information.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ab15c-109">In that case, you must edit the copied purchase invoice information.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="ab15c-110">In addition to the original posted purchase invoice, you can apply the purchase credit memo to other purchase documents, for example another posted purchase invoice, because you are also returning items delivered with that invoice.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ab15c-110">In addition to the original posted purchase invoice, you can apply the purchase credit memo to other purchase documents, for example another posted purchase invoice, because you are also returning items delivered with that invoice.</span></span>

## <a name="to-create-a-purchase-credit-memo-from-a-posted-purchase-invoice"></a><span data-ttu-id="ab15c-111">To create a purchase credit memo from a posted purchase invoice</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ab15c-111">To create a purchase credit memo from a posted purchase invoice</span></span>
1. <span data-ttu-id="ab15c-112">In the top right corner, choose the **Search for Page or Report** icon, enter **Purchase Credit Memos**, and then choose the related link.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ab15c-112">In the top right corner, choose the **Search for Page or Report** icon, enter **Purchase Credit Memos**, and then choose the related link.</span></span>  
2. <span data-ttu-id="ab15c-113">In the **Posted Purchase Invoices** window, select the posted purchase invoice that you want to reverse, and then choose the **Create Corrective Credit Memo** action.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ab15c-113">In the **Posted Purchase Invoices** window, select the posted purchase invoice that you want to reverse, and then choose the **Create Corrective Credit Memo** action.</span></span>

    <span data-ttu-id="ab15c-114">Most fields on the purchase credit memo header are filled with the information from the posted purchase invoice.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ab15c-114">Most fields on the purchase credit memo header are filled with the information from the posted purchase invoice.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="ab15c-115">You can edit all the fields, for example with new information that reflects the return agreement.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ab15c-115">You can edit all the fields, for example with new information that reflects the return agreement.</span></span>
3. <span data-ttu-id="ab15c-116">Edit information on the lines according to the agreement, such as the number of items returned or the amount to be reimbursement.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ab15c-116">Edit information on the lines according to the agreement, such as the number of items returned or the amount to be reimbursement.</span></span>
4. <span data-ttu-id="ab15c-117">Choose the **Apply Entries** action.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ab15c-117">Choose the **Apply Entries** action.</span></span>
5. <span data-ttu-id="ab15c-118">In the **Apply Vendor Entries** window, select the line with the posted purchase document that you want to apply the purchase credit memo to, and then choose the **Applies-to ID** action.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ab15c-118">In the **Apply Vendor Entries** window, select the line with the posted purchase document that you want to apply the purchase credit memo to, and then choose the **Applies-to ID** action.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="ab15c-119">The number of the purchase credit memo is inserted in the **Applies-to ID** field.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ab15c-119">The number of the purchase credit memo is inserted in the **Applies-to ID** field.</span></span>
6. <span data-ttu-id="ab15c-120">In the **Amount to Apply** field, enter the amount that you want to apply if smaller than the original amount.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ab15c-120">In the **Amount to Apply** field, enter the amount that you want to apply if smaller than the original amount.</span></span>

    <span data-ttu-id="ab15c-121">At the bottom of the **Apply Vendor Entries** window, you can see the total amount to apply to reverse all involved entries, namely when the value in the **Balance** field is zero.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ab15c-121">At the bottom of the **Apply Vendor Entries** window, you can see the total amount to apply to reverse all involved entries, namely when the value in the **Balance** field is zero.</span></span>
7. <span data-ttu-id="ab15c-122">Choose the **OK** button.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ab15c-122">Choose the **OK** button.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="ab15c-123">When you post the purchase credit memo, it will be applied to the specified posted purchase documents.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ab15c-123">When you post the purchase credit memo, it will be applied to the specified posted purchase documents.</span></span>

    <span data-ttu-id="ab15c-124">When you have created or edited the needed purchase credit memo lines and the single or multiple applications are specified, you can proceed to post the purchase credit memo.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ab15c-124">When you have created or edited the needed purchase credit memo lines and the single or multiple applications are specified, you can proceed to post the purchase credit memo.</span></span>
8. <span data-ttu-id="ab15c-125">Choose the **Post** action.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ab15c-125">Choose the **Post** action.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="ab15c-126">The posted purchase invoices that you apply the credit memo to are now reversed.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ab15c-126">The posted purchase invoices that you apply the credit memo to are now reversed.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="ab15c-127">If you have already paid the original invoice, the vendor should now refund the payment to you.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ab15c-127">If you have already paid the original invoice, the vendor should now refund the payment to you.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="ab15c-128">If the credit memo is only for part of the product on the original invoice, you may only pay the remaining amount on the original purchase invoice to close it.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ab15c-128">If the credit memo is only for part of the product on the original invoice, you may only pay the remaining amount on the original purchase invoice to close it.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="ab15c-129">The purchase credit memo is removed and replaced with a new document in the list of posted purchase credit memos.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ab15c-129">The purchase credit memo is removed and replaced with a new document in the list of posted purchase credit memos.</span></span>

## <a name="to-create-a-purchase-credit-memo-from-scratch"></a><span data-ttu-id="ab15c-130">To create a purchase credit memo from scratch</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ab15c-130">To create a purchase credit memo from scratch</span></span>
1. <span data-ttu-id="ab15c-131">In the top right corner, choose the **Search for Page or Report** icon, enter **Posted Purchase Invoices**, and then choose the related link.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ab15c-131">In the top right corner, choose the **Search for Page or Report** icon, enter **Posted Purchase Invoices**, and then choose the related link.</span></span>
2. <span data-ttu-id="ab15c-132">Choose the **New** action to open a new empty purchase credit memo.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ab15c-132">Choose the **New** action to open a new empty purchase credit memo.</span></span>
3. <span data-ttu-id="ab15c-133">In the **Vendor** field, enter the name of an existing vendor.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ab15c-133">In the **Vendor** field, enter the name of an existing vendor.</span></span>
4. <span data-ttu-id="ab15c-134">Choose the **Copy Document** action.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ab15c-134">Choose the **Copy Document** action.</span></span>
5. <span data-ttu-id="ab15c-135">In the **Copy purchase Document** window, in the **Document Type** field, select **Posted Invoice**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ab15c-135">In the **Copy purchase Document** window, in the **Document Type** field, select **Posted Invoice**.</span></span>
6. <span data-ttu-id="ab15c-136">Choose the **Document No.**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ab15c-136">Choose the **Document No.**</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="ab15c-137">field to open the **Posted purchase Invoices** window, and then select the posted purchase invoice that contains lines that you want to reverse.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ab15c-137">field to open the **Posted purchase Invoices** window, and then select the posted purchase invoice that contains lines that you want to reverse.</span></span>
7. <span data-ttu-id="ab15c-138">Select the **Recalculate Lines** check box if you want the copied posted purchase invoice lines to be updated with any changes in item price and unit cost since the invoice was posted.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ab15c-138">Select the **Recalculate Lines** check box if you want the copied posted purchase invoice lines to be updated with any changes in item price and unit cost since the invoice was posted.</span></span>
8. <span data-ttu-id="ab15c-139">Choose the **OK** button.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ab15c-139">Choose the **OK** button.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="ab15c-140">The copied invoice lines are inserted in the purchase credit memo.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ab15c-140">The copied invoice lines are inserted in the purchase credit memo.</span></span>
9. <span data-ttu-id="ab15c-141">Complete the purchase credit memo as explained in the "To create a purchase credit memo from a posted purchase invoice" section in this topic.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ab15c-141">Complete the purchase credit memo as explained in the "To create a purchase credit memo from a posted purchase invoice" section in this topic.</span></span>

## <a name="see-also"></a><span data-ttu-id="ab15c-142">See Also</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ab15c-142">See Also</span></span>
[<span data-ttu-id="ab15c-143">Manage Purchasing</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ab15c-143">Manage Purchasing</span></span>](purchasing-manage-purchasing.md)  
[<span data-ttu-id="ab15c-144">How to: Record Purchases</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ab15c-144">How to: Record Purchases</span></span>](purchasing-how-record-purchases.md)  

