---
title: 'How to: Reconcile Payments Using Automatic Application'
author: SorenGP
ms.custom: na
ms.date: 09/22/2016
ms.reviewer: na
ms.suite: na
ms.tgt_pltfrm: na
ms.topic: article
ms.prod: dynamics-nav-2017
ms.translationtype: Human Translation
ms.sourcegitcommit: 6b60b1344a1e18ad91863046110df880f75f7c04
ms.openlocfilehash: 2936d9491beab1f022e520f7687ec9938c7da47e
ms.contentlocale: en-gb
ms.lasthandoff: 07/19/2017

---

# <a name="how-to-reconcile-payments-using-automatic-application"></a><span data-ttu-id="f913c-102">How to: Reconcile Payments Using Automatic Application</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f913c-102">How to: Reconcile Payments Using Automatic Application</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="f913c-103">The **Payment Reconciliation Journal** window specifies payments, either incoming or outgoing, that have been recorded as transactions on your online bank account and that you can apply to their related open customer, vendor, and bank account ledger entries.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f913c-103">The **Payment Reconciliation Journal** window specifies payments, either incoming or outgoing, that have been recorded as transactions on your online bank account and that you can apply to their related open customer, vendor, and bank account ledger entries.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f913c-104">The lines in the journal are filled by importing a bank statement as a bank feed or file.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f913c-104">The lines in the journal are filled by importing a bank statement as a bank feed or file.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="f913c-105">A payment reconciliation journal is related to one bank account in Dynamics NAV that reflects the online bank account where the payment transactions are recorded.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f913c-105">A payment reconciliation journal is related to one bank account in Dynamics NAV that reflects the online bank account where the payment transactions are recorded.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f913c-106">Any open bank account ledger entries related to the applied customer or vendor ledger entries will be closed when you choose the **Post Payments and Reconcile Bank Account** action.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f913c-106">Any open bank account ledger entries related to the applied customer or vendor ledger entries will be closed when you choose the **Post Payments and Reconcile Bank Account** action.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f913c-107">This means that the bank account is automatically reconciled for payments that you post with the journal.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f913c-107">This means that the bank account is automatically reconciled for payments that you post with the journal.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="f913c-108">If you want to import bank statements as bank feeds, you must first enable the Envestnet Yodlee Bank Feeds service and then link the bank account to its related online bank account.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f913c-108">If you want to import bank statements as bank feeds, you must first enable the Envestnet Yodlee Bank Feeds service and then link the bank account to its related online bank account.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f913c-109">The payment reconciliation journal will then automatically detect bank feeds when you choose the **Import Bank Transactions** action.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f913c-109">The payment reconciliation journal will then automatically detect bank feeds when you choose the **Import Bank Transactions** action.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f913c-110">In addition, you can set a bank account up to automatically import new bank statement feeds every hour.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f913c-110">In addition, you can set a bank account up to automatically import new bank statement feeds every hour.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f913c-111">Transactions for payments that have already been posted as applied and/or reconciled will not be imported.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f913c-111">Transactions for payments that have already been posted as applied and/or reconciled will not be imported.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f913c-112">For more information, see [How to: Set Up the Envestnet Yodlee Bank Feeds Service](bank-how-setup-bank-statement-service.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f913c-112">For more information, see [How to: Set Up the Envestnet Yodlee Bank Feeds Service](bank-how-setup-bank-statement-service.md).</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="f913c-113">**Note**: The Envestnet Yodlee Bank Feeds service, or anther provider's bank feed service, may not be available in your system.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f913c-113">**Note**: The Envestnet Yodlee Bank Feeds service, or anther provider's bank feed service, may not be available in your system.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f913c-114">Contact your Microsoft partner if you want to use a bank feed service to import bank statements.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f913c-114">Contact your Microsoft partner if you want to use a bank feed service to import bank statements.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="f913c-115">With the **Map Text to Account** action, you can set up mappings between text on payments and specific debit, credit, and balancing accounts so that such payments are posted to the specified accounts when you post the payment reconciliation journal.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f913c-115">With the **Map Text to Account** action, you can set up mappings between text on payments and specific debit, credit, and balancing accounts so that such payments are posted to the specified accounts when you post the payment reconciliation journal.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f913c-116">See step 9.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f913c-116">See step 9.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f913c-117">For more information, see [How to: Map Text on Recurring Payments to Accounts for Automatic Reconciliation](receivables-how-map-text-recurring-payments-accounts-auto-reconcilliation.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f913c-117">For more information, see [How to: Map Text on Recurring Payments to Accounts for Automatic Reconciliation](receivables-how-map-text-recurring-payments-accounts-auto-reconcilliation.md).</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="f913c-118">Similar functionality exists to reconcile excess amounts on payment reconciliation journal lines on an ad-hoc basis.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f913c-118">Similar functionality exists to reconcile excess amounts on payment reconciliation journal lines on an ad-hoc basis.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f913c-119">For more information, see [How to: Reconcile Payments That Cannot be Applied.](receivables-how-reconcile-payments-cannot-apply-auto.md)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f913c-119">For more information, see [How to: Reconcile Payments That Cannot be Applied.](receivables-how-reconcile-payments-cannot-apply-auto.md)</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="f913c-120">You use the **Apply Automatically** function, either automatically when you import a bank file or feed with payment transactions or when you activate it, to apply payments to their related open entries based on a matching of data on a journal line with data on one or more open entries.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f913c-120">You use the **Apply Automatically** function, either automatically when you import a bank file or feed with payment transactions or when you activate it, to apply payments to their related open entries based on a matching of data on a journal line with data on one or more open entries.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="f913c-121">On journal lines where a payment has been applied automatically to one or more open entries, the **Match Confidence** field has a value between Low and High to indicate the quality of the data matching that the suggested payment application is based on.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f913c-121">On journal lines where a payment has been applied automatically to one or more open entries, the **Match Confidence** field has a value between Low and High to indicate the quality of the data matching that the suggested payment application is based on.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f913c-122">In addition, the **Account Type** and **Account No.**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f913c-122">In addition, the **Account Type** and **Account No.**</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f913c-123">fields are filled with information about the customer or vendor that the payment is applied to.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f913c-123">fields are filled with information about the customer or vendor that the payment is applied to.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f913c-124">If you have set up a text-to-account mapping, the automatic application can result in a match confidence value of **High - Text-to-Account Mapping**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f913c-124">If you have set up a text-to-account mapping, the automatic application can result in a match confidence value of **High - Text-to-Account Mapping**.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="f913c-125">For each journal line in the **Payment Reconciliation Journal** window, you can open the **Payment Application** window to see all candidate open entries for the payment and view detailed information for each entry about the data matching that a payment application is based on.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f913c-125">For each journal line in the **Payment Reconciliation Journal** window, you can open the **Payment Application** window to see all candidate open entries for the payment and view detailed information for each entry about the data matching that a payment application is based on.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f913c-126">Here, you can manually apply payments or reapply payments that were applied automatically to a wrong entry.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f913c-126">Here, you can manually apply payments or reapply payments that were applied automatically to a wrong entry.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f913c-127">For more information, see [How to: Review or Apply Payments After Automatic Application](receivables-how-review-apply-payments-auto-application.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f913c-127">For more information, see [How to: Review or Apply Payments After Automatic Application](receivables-how-review-apply-payments-auto-application.md).</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="f913c-128">**Note**: You can start the bank transactions import at the same time as you open the **Payment Reconciliation** Journal window for an existing payment reconciliation journal in the **Payment Reconciliation Journals** window.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f913c-128">**Note**: You can start the bank transactions import at the same time as you open the **Payment Reconciliation** Journal window for an existing payment reconciliation journal in the **Payment Reconciliation Journals** window.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f913c-129">The following procedure describes how to import bank transactions into the **Payment Reconciliation Journal** window after you have created a new journal.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f913c-129">The following procedure describes how to import bank transactions into the **Payment Reconciliation Journal** window after you have created a new journal.</span></span>

## <a name="to-reconcile-payments-using-automatic-application"></a><span data-ttu-id="f913c-130">To reconcile payments using automatic application</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f913c-130">To reconcile payments using automatic application</span></span>
1. <span data-ttu-id="f913c-131">In the top right corner, choose the **Search for Page or Report** icon, enter **Payment Reconciliation Journals**, and then choose the related link.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f913c-131">In the top right corner, choose the **Search for Page or Report** icon, enter **Payment Reconciliation Journals**, and then choose the related link.</span></span>
2. <span data-ttu-id="f913c-132">To work in a new payment reconciliation journal, choose the **New Journal** action.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f913c-132">To work in a new payment reconciliation journal, choose the **New Journal** action.</span></span>
3. <span data-ttu-id="f913c-133">In the **Payment Bank Account List** window, select the bank account that you want to reconcile payments for, and then choose the **OK** button.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f913c-133">In the **Payment Bank Account List** window, select the bank account that you want to reconcile payments for, and then choose the **OK** button.</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="f913c-134">The **Payment Reconciliation Journal** window opens prepared for the selected bank account.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f913c-134">The **Payment Reconciliation Journal** window opens prepared for the selected bank account.</span></span>
4. <span data-ttu-id="f913c-135">Choose the **Import Bank Transactions** action.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f913c-135">Choose the **Import Bank Transactions** action.</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="f913c-136">If the bank account for the selected journal is not set up for import of bank transactions, then a dialogue box will open to help you fill in the relevant fields.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f913c-136">If the bank account for the selected journal is not set up for import of bank transactions, then a dialog box will open to help you fill in the relevant fields.</span></span>
5. <span data-ttu-id="f913c-137">In the **Select a file to import** window, select the file that contains the bank transactions for payments that you want to reconcile, and then choose the **Open** button.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f913c-137">In the **Select a file to import** window, select the file that contains the bank transactions for payments that you want to reconcile, and then choose the **Open** button.</span></span>  
6. <span data-ttu-id="f913c-138">If the Bank Statement service is enabled, in the **Bank Statement Filter** window that opens automatically, specify the date interval for the bank statements to be imported.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f913c-138">If the Bank Statement service is enabled, in the **Bank Statement Filter** window that opens automatically, specify the date interval for the bank statements to be imported.</span></span>

    <span data-ttu-id="f913c-139">The **Payment Reconciliation Journal** window is filled with lines for payments representing bank transactions in the imported bank statement.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f913c-139">The **Payment Reconciliation Journal** window is filled with lines for payments representing bank transactions in the imported bank statement.</span></span>

    <span data-ttu-id="f913c-140">On lines for payments that have been automatically applied to their related open entries, the **Match Confidence** field has a value between **Low** and **High** to indicate the quality of the data matching that the suggested payment application is based on.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f913c-140">On lines for payments that have been automatically applied to their related open entries, the **Match Confidence** field has a value between **Low** and **High** to indicate the quality of the data matching that the suggested payment application is based on.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f913c-141">In addition, the **Account Type** and **Account No.**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f913c-141">In addition, the **Account Type** and **Account No.**</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f913c-142">fields are filled with information about the customer or vendor that the payment is applied to.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f913c-142">fields are filled with information about the customer or vendor that the payment is applied to.</span></span>
7. <span data-ttu-id="f913c-143">Select a journal line, and then, choose the **Apply Manually** action to review, reapply, or apply the payment manually in the **Payment Application** window.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f913c-143">Select a journal line, and then, choose the **Apply Manually** action to review, reapply, or apply the payment manually in the **Payment Application** window.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f913c-144">For more information, see [How to: Review or Apply Payments After Automatic Application](receivables-how-review-apply-payments-auto-application.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f913c-144">For more information, see [How to: Review or Apply Payments After Automatic Application](receivables-how-review-apply-payments-auto-application.md).</span></span>

    <span data-ttu-id="f913c-145">When you have finished your manual application, the **Match Confidence** field on the journal line that you have processed manually contains **Accepted**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f913c-145">When you have finished your manual application, the **Match Confidence** field on the journal line that you have processed manually contains **Accepted**.</span></span>
8. <span data-ttu-id="f913c-146">Select an unapplied journal line for a recurring cash receipt or expense, such as a car gasoline purchase, and then on the Home tab, in the Review group, choose Map Text to Account.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f913c-146">Select an unapplied journal line for a recurring cash receipt or expense, such as a car gasoline purchase, and then on the Home tab, in the Review group, choose Map Text to Account.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f913c-147">For more information, see [How to: Map Text on Recurring Payments to Accounts for Automatic Reconciliation](receivables-how-map-text-recurring-payments-accounts-auto-reconcilliation.md)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f913c-147">For more information, see [How to: Map Text on Recurring Payments to Accounts for Automatic Reconciliation](receivables-how-map-text-recurring-payments-accounts-auto-reconcilliation.md)</span></span>
9. <span data-ttu-id="f913c-148">When you have finished your mapping of payment text to accounts, choose the **Apply Manually** action.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f913c-148">When you have finished your mapping of payment text to accounts, choose the **Apply Manually** action.</span></span>
10. <span data-ttu-id="f913c-149">When you are content that all payments on the journal lines are correctly applied or set to direct posting, choose the **Post** action.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f913c-149">When you are content that all payments on the journal lines are correctly applied or set to direct posting, choose the **Post** action.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="f913c-150">When you post the payment reconciliation journal, the applied open entries memos are closed, and the related customer, vendor, or general ledger accounts are updated.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f913c-150">When you post the payment reconciliation journal, the applied open entries memos are closed, and the related customer, vendor, or general ledger accounts are updated.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f913c-151">For payments on journal lines based on text-to-account mapping, the specified customer, vendor, and general ledger accounts are updated.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f913c-151">For payments on journal lines based on text-to-account mapping, the specified customer, vendor, and general ledger accounts are updated.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f913c-152">For all journal lines, bank account ledger entries are created.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f913c-152">For all journal lines, bank account ledger entries are created.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f913c-153">If you choose the **Post Payments and Reconcile Bank Account** action, any open bank account ledger entries related to the applied customer or vendor ledger entries will be closed.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f913c-153">If you choose the **Post Payments and Reconcile Bank Account** action, any open bank account ledger entries related to the applied customer or vendor ledger entries will be closed.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f913c-154">This means that the bank account is automatically reconciled for payments that you post with the journal.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f913c-154">This means that the bank account is automatically reconciled for payments that you post with the journal.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="f913c-155">You can compare the value in the **Balance on Bank Account After Posting** field together with the value in the **Statement Ending Balance** field to track when the bank account is reconciled based on payments that you post.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f913c-155">You can compare the value in the **Balance on Bank Account After Posting** field together with the value in the **Statement Ending Balance** field to track when the bank account is reconciled based on payments that you post.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="f913c-156">**Note**: If you do not want to reconcile the bank account from the **Payment Reconciliation Journal** window, then you must use the **Bank Acc. Reconciliation** window.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f913c-156">**Note**: If you do not want to reconcile the bank account from the **Payment Reconciliation Journal** window, then you must use the **Bank Acc. Reconciliation** window.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f913c-157">For more information, see [Reconcile Bank Accounts Separately](bank-how-reconcile-bank-accounts-separately.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f913c-157">For more information, see [Reconcile Bank Accounts Separately](bank-how-reconcile-bank-accounts-separately.md).</span></span>

## <a name="see-also"></a><span data-ttu-id="f913c-158">See Also</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f913c-158">See Also</span></span>
[<span data-ttu-id="f913c-159">Manage Receivables</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f913c-159">Manage Receivables</span></span>](receivables-manage-receivables.md)  
[<span data-ttu-id="f913c-160">Manage Sales</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f913c-160">Manage Sales</span></span>](sales-manage-sales.md)

