---
title: 'How to: Process Sales Returns or Cancellations'
author: SorenGP
ms.custom: na
ms.date: 11/22/2016
ms.reviewer: na
ms.suite: na
ms.tgt_pltfrm: na
ms.topic: article
ms.prod: dynamics-nav-2017
ms.translationtype: Human Translation
ms.sourcegitcommit: 6b60b1344a1e18ad91863046110df880f75f7c04
ms.openlocfilehash: 84feace413c7fbda0a1ba9688d7168510c3612a5
ms.contentlocale: en-gb
ms.lasthandoff: 07/19/2017

---

# <a name="how-to-process-sales-returns-or-cancellations"></a><span data-ttu-id="0fb46-102">How to: Process Sales Returns or Cancellations</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0fb46-102">How to: Process Sales Returns or Cancellations</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="0fb46-103">If your customer wants to return or get reimbursement for items or services that you have sold and received payment for, you must create and post a sales credit memo that specifies the requested change.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0fb46-103">If your customer wants to return or get reimbursement for items or services that you have sold and received payment for, you must create and post a sales credit memo that specifies the requested change.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="0fb46-104">To include the correct sales invoice information, you can create the sales credit memo from the posted sales invoice or use a copy function.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0fb46-104">To include the correct sales invoice information, you can create the sales credit memo from the posted sales invoice or use a copy function.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="0fb46-105">In addition to the original posted sales invoice, you can apply the sales credit memo to other sales documents, for example another posted sales invoice, because the customer is also returning items delivered with that invoice.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0fb46-105">In addition to the original posted sales invoice, you can apply the sales credit memo to other sales documents, for example another posted sales invoice, because the customer is also returning items delivered with that invoice.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="0fb46-106">A return or reimbursement may relate to only some of the items or services on the original sales invoice.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0fb46-106">A return or reimbursement may relate to only some of the items or services on the original sales invoice.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="0fb46-107">In that case, you must edit information on the lines on the sales credit memo.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0fb46-107">In that case, you must edit information on the lines on the sales credit memo.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="0fb46-108">When you post the sales credit memo, the sales documents that are affected by the change are reversed and a refund payment can be created for the customer.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0fb46-108">When you post the sales credit memo, the sales documents that are affected by the change are reversed and a refund payment can be created for the customer.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="0fb46-109">You can send the posted sales credit memo to the customer to confirm the return or cancellation and communicate that the related value will be reimbursed, for example when the items are returned.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0fb46-109">You can send the posted sales credit memo to the customer to confirm the return or cancellation and communicate that the related value will be reimbursed, for example when the items are returned.</span></span>

## <a name="to-create-a-sales-credit-memo-from-a-posted-sales-invoice"></a><span data-ttu-id="0fb46-110">To create a sales credit memo from a posted sales invoice</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0fb46-110">To create a sales credit memo from a posted sales invoice</span></span>
1. <span data-ttu-id="0fb46-111">In the top right corner, choose the **Search for Page or Report** icon, enter **Posted Sales Invoices**, and the choose the related link.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0fb46-111">In the top right corner, choose the **Search for Page or Report** icon, enter **Posted Sales Invoices**, and the choose the related link.</span></span>  
2. <span data-ttu-id="0fb46-112">In the **Posted Sales Invoices** window, select the posted sales invoice that you want to reverse, and then choose the **Create Corrective Credit Memo** action.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0fb46-112">In the **Posted Sales Invoices** window, select the posted sales invoice that you want to reverse, and then choose the **Create Corrective Credit Memo** action.</span></span>

    <span data-ttu-id="0fb46-113">Most fields on the sales credit memo header are filled with the information from the posted sales invoice.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0fb46-113">Most fields on the sales credit memo header are filled with the information from the posted sales invoice.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="0fb46-114">You can edit all the fields, for example with new information that reflects the return agreement.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0fb46-114">You can edit all the fields, for example with new information that reflects the return agreement.</span></span>
3. <span data-ttu-id="0fb46-115">Edit information on the lines according to the agreement, such as the number of items returned or the amount to be reimbursed.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0fb46-115">Edit information on the lines according to the agreement, such as the number of items returned or the amount to be reimbursed.</span></span>
4. <span data-ttu-id="0fb46-116">Choose the **Apply Entries** action.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0fb46-116">Choose the **Apply Entries** action.</span></span>
5. <span data-ttu-id="0fb46-117">In the **Apply Customer Entries** window, select the line with the posted sales document that you want to apply the sales credit memo to, and then choose the **Applies-to ID** action.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0fb46-117">In the **Apply Customer Entries** window, select the line with the posted sales document that you want to apply the sales credit memo to, and then choose the **Applies-to ID** action.</span></span>

    <span data-ttu-id="0fb46-118">The number of the sales credit memo is inserted in the **Applies-to ID** field.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0fb46-118">The number of the sales credit memo is inserted in the **Applies-to ID** field.</span></span>  
6. <span data-ttu-id="0fb46-119">In the **Amount to Apply** field, enter the amount that you want to apply if smaller than the original amount.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0fb46-119">In the **Amount to Apply** field, enter the amount that you want to apply if smaller than the original amount.</span></span>

    <span data-ttu-id="0fb46-120">At the bottom of the **Apply Customer Entries** window, you can see the total amount to apply to reverse all involved entries, namely when the value in the **Balance** field is zero.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0fb46-120">At the bottom of the **Apply Customer Entries** window, you can see the total amount to apply to reverse all involved entries, namely when the value in the **Balance** field is zero.</span></span>  
7. <span data-ttu-id="0fb46-121">Choose the **OK** button.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0fb46-121">Choose the **OK** button.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="0fb46-122">When you post the sales credit memo, it will be applied to the specified posted sales documents.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0fb46-122">When you post the sales credit memo, it will be applied to the specified posted sales documents.</span></span>

    <span data-ttu-id="0fb46-123">When you have created or edited the needed sales credit memo lines and the single or multiple applications are specified, you can proceed to post the sales credit memo.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0fb46-123">When you have created or edited the needed sales credit memo lines and the single or multiple applications are specified, you can proceed to post the sales credit memo.</span></span>
8. <span data-ttu-id="0fb46-124">Choose the **Post and Send** action.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0fb46-124">Choose the **Post and Send** action.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="0fb46-125">The **Post and Send Confirmation** dialogue box opens showing the preferred sending method for the customer.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0fb46-125">The **Post and Send Confirmation** dialog box opens showing the preferred sending method for the customer.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="0fb46-126">You can change the sending method by choosing the lookup button for the **Send Document** to field.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0fb46-126">You can change the sending method by choosing the lookup button for the **Send Document** to field.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="0fb46-127">For more information, see [How to: Set Up Document Sending Profiles](sales-how-setup-document-send-profiles.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0fb46-127">For more information, see [How to: Set Up Document Sending Profiles](sales-how-setup-document-send-profiles.md).</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="0fb46-128">The posted sales documents that you applied the credit memo to are now reversed, and a refund payment can be created for the customer.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0fb46-128">The posted sales documents that you applied the credit memo to are now reversed, and a refund payment can be created for the customer.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="0fb46-129">The sales credit memo is removed and replaced with a new document in the list of posted sales credit memos.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0fb46-129">The sales credit memo is removed and replaced with a new document in the list of posted sales credit memos.</span></span>

## <a name="to-create-a-sales-credit-memo-from-scratch"></a><span data-ttu-id="0fb46-130">To create a sales credit memo from scratch</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0fb46-130">To create a sales credit memo from scratch</span></span>
1. <span data-ttu-id="0fb46-131">In the top right corner, choose the **Search for Page or Report** icon, enter **Posted Sales Invoices**, and then choose the related link.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0fb46-131">In the top right corner, choose the **Search for Page or Report** icon, enter **Posted Sales Invoices**, and then choose the related link.</span></span>
2. <span data-ttu-id="0fb46-132">Choose the **New** action to open a new empty sales credit memo.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0fb46-132">Choose the **New** action to open a new empty sales credit memo.</span></span>
3. <span data-ttu-id="0fb46-133">In the **Customer** field, enter the name of an existing customer.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0fb46-133">In the **Customer** field, enter the name of an existing customer.</span></span>
4. <span data-ttu-id="0fb46-134">Choose the **Copy Document** action.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0fb46-134">Choose the **Copy Document** action.</span></span>
5. <span data-ttu-id="0fb46-135">In the **Copy Sales Document** window, in the **Document Type** field, select **Posted Invoice**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0fb46-135">In the **Copy Sales Document** window, in the **Document Type** field, select **Posted Invoice**.</span></span>
6. <span data-ttu-id="0fb46-136">Choose the **Document No.**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0fb46-136">Choose the **Document No.**</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="0fb46-137">field to open the **Posted Sales Invoices** window, and then select the posted sales invoice that contains lines that you want to reverse.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0fb46-137">field to open the **Posted Sales Invoices** window, and then select the posted sales invoice that contains lines that you want to reverse.</span></span>
7. <span data-ttu-id="0fb46-138">Select the **Recalculate Lines** check box if you want the copied posted sales invoice lines to be updated with any changes in item price and unit cost since the invoice was posted.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0fb46-138">Select the **Recalculate Lines** check box if you want the copied posted sales invoice lines to be updated with any changes in item price and unit cost since the invoice was posted.</span></span>
8. <span data-ttu-id="0fb46-139">Choose the **OK** button.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0fb46-139">Choose the **OK** button.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="0fb46-140">The copied invoice lines are inserted in the sales credit memo.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0fb46-140">The copied invoice lines are inserted in the sales credit memo.</span></span>
9. <span data-ttu-id="0fb46-141">Complete the sales credit memo as explained in the "To create a sales credit memo from a posted sales invoice" section in this topic.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0fb46-141">Complete the sales credit memo as explained in the "To create a sales credit memo from a posted sales invoice" section in this topic.</span></span>

## <a name="see-also"></a><span data-ttu-id="0fb46-142">See Also</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0fb46-142">See Also</span></span>  
[<span data-ttu-id="0fb46-143">Manage Sales</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0fb46-143">Manage Sales</span></span>](sales-manage-sales.md)  
[<span data-ttu-id="0fb46-144">Set Up Sales</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0fb46-144">Set Up Sales</span></span>](sales-setup-sales.md)  
[<span data-ttu-id="0fb46-145">How to: Send Documents by Email</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0fb46-145">How to: Send Documents by Email</span></span>](ui-how-send-documents-email.md)  
[<span data-ttu-id="0fb46-146">Work with Dynamics NAV</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0fb46-146">Work with Dynamics NAV</span></span>](ui-work-product.md)

