---
title: 'How to: Send Documents by Email'
author: SorenGP
ms.custom: na
ms.date: 11/22/2016
ms.reviewer: na
ms.suite: na
ms.tgt_pltfrm: na
ms.topic: article
ms.prod: dynamics-nav-2017
ms.translationtype: Human Translation
ms.sourcegitcommit: 6b60b1344a1e18ad91863046110df880f75f7c04
ms.openlocfilehash: 443519de31bf315dd30e6961f4c1a03c13525250
ms.contentlocale: en-gb
ms.lasthandoff: 07/19/2017

---

# <a name="how-to-send-documents-by-email"></a><span data-ttu-id="1720f-102">How to: Send Documents by Email</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1720f-102">How to: Send Documents by Email</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="1720f-103">To communicate the contents of business documents quickly to your business partners, such as the payment information on sales documents to customers, you can use the Report Layout feature to define document-specific content that gets inserted in email bodies automatically.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1720f-103">To communicate the contents of business documents quickly to your business partners, such as the payment information on sales documents to customers, you can use the Report Layout feature to define document-specific content that gets inserted in email bodies automatically.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="1720f-104">To enable emails from within Dynamics NAV, start the **Set Up Email** assisted setup on the Home page.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1720f-104">To enable emails from within Dynamics NAV, start the **Set Up Email** assisted setup on the Home page.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="1720f-105">You can email practically all document types as attachments to email messages directly from the window that shows the document.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1720f-105">You can email practically all document types as attachments to email messages directly from the window that shows the document.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1720f-106">In addition to the attachment, you can set up document-specific email bodies with core information from the document preceded by standard text that greets the mail recipient and introduces the document in question.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1720f-106">In addition to the attachment, you can set up document-specific email bodies with core information from the document preceded by standard text that greets the mail recipient and introduces the document in question.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1720f-107">To offer your customers to pay for sales electronically using a payment service, such as PayPal, you can also have the PayPal information and hyperlink inserted in the email body.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1720f-107">To offer your customers to pay for sales electronically using a payment service, such as PayPal, you can also have the PayPal information and hyperlink inserted in the email body.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="1720f-108">From all supported documents, you initiate emailing by choosing the **Send** action, on posted documents, or the **Post and Send** action, on non-posted documents.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1720f-108">From all supported documents, you initiate emailing by choosing the **Send** action, on posted documents, or the **Post and Send** action, on non-posted documents.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="1720f-109">If the **Email** field in the **Send Document To** window is set to **Yes (Prompt for Settings)**, then the **Send Email** window opens prefilled with the contact person in the **To:** field and the document attached as a PDF file.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1720f-109">If the **Email** field in the **Send Document To** window is set to **Yes (Prompt for Settings)**, then the **Send Email** window opens prefilled with the contact person in the **To:** field and the document attached as a PDF file.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1720f-110">In the **Body** field, you can either enter text manually or you can have the field filled with a document-specific email body that you have set up.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1720f-110">In the **Body** field, you can either enter text manually or you can have the field filled with a document-specific email body that you have set up.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="1720f-111">The following procedure describes how to set the **Sales - Invoice** report up to be used for document-specific email bodies when you email posted sales invoices.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1720f-111">The following procedure describes how to set the **Sales - Invoice** report up to be used for document-specific email bodies when you email posted sales invoices.</span></span>

## <a name="to-set-up-a-document-specific-email-body-for-sales-invoices"></a><span data-ttu-id="1720f-112">To set up a document-specific email body for sales invoices</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1720f-112">To set up a document-specific email body for sales invoices</span></span>
1. <span data-ttu-id="1720f-113">In the top right corner, choose the **Search for Page or Report** icon, enter **Report Selections Sales**, and then choose the related link.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1720f-113">In the top right corner, choose the **Search for Page or Report** icon, enter **Report Selections Sales**, and then choose the related link.</span></span>
2. <span data-ttu-id="1720f-114">In the **Report Selection - Sales** window, in the **Usage** field, select **Invoice**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1720f-114">In the **Report Selection - Sales** window, in the **Usage** field, select **Invoice**.</span></span>
3. <span data-ttu-id="1720f-115">On a new line, in the **Report ID** field, select, for example, standard report 1306.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1720f-115">On a new line, in the **Report ID** field, select, for example, standard report 1306.</span></span>
4. <span data-ttu-id="1720f-116">Select the **Use for mail Body** check box.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1720f-116">Select the **Use for mail Body** check box.</span></span>
5. <span data-ttu-id="1720f-117">Choose the **Email Body Layout ID** field, and then select one of the available layouts from the **Custom Report Layouts** window.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1720f-117">Choose the **Email Body Layout ID** field, and then select one of the available layouts from the **Custom Report Layouts** window.</span></span>
6. <span data-ttu-id="1720f-118">Report layouts define both the style and the content of the email body, including the standard text that precedes the core document information in the email body.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1720f-118">Report layouts define both the style and the content of the email body, including the standard text that precedes the core document information in the email body.</span></span>
7. <span data-ttu-id="1720f-119">To view or edit the layout that the email body is based on, in the **Custom Report Layouts** window, choose the **Edit Layout** action.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1720f-119">To view or edit the layout that the email body is based on, in the **Custom Report Layouts** window, choose the **Edit Layout** action.</span></span>
8. <span data-ttu-id="1720f-120">If you want to offer customers to pay for sales electronically, you can set up the related payment service, such as PayPal, and then have the PayPal information and hyperlink inserted in the email body as well.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1720f-120">If you want to offer customers to pay for sales electronically, you can set up the related payment service, such as PayPal, and then have the PayPal information and hyperlink inserted in the email body as well.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1720f-121">For more information, see [How to: Enable Customer Payments Through PayPal](sales-how-enable-customer-payments-paypal.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1720f-121">For more information, see [How to: Enable Customer Payments Through PayPal](sales-how-enable-customer-payments-paypal.md).</span></span>
9. <span data-ttu-id="1720f-122">Choose the **OK** button.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1720f-122">Choose the **OK** button.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="1720f-123">Now, when you choose, for example, the Send action in the **Posted Sales Invoice** window, the email body will contain the document information of report 1306 preceded by styled standard text according to the report layout that you selected in step 5.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1720f-123">Now, when you choose, for example, the Send action in the **Posted Sales Invoice** window, the email body will contain the document information of report 1306 preceded by styled standard text according to the report layout that you selected in step 5.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="1720f-124">The following procedure describes how to send a posted sales invoice as an email message with the document attached as a PDF file and with a document-specific email body.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1720f-124">The following procedure describes how to send a posted sales invoice as an email message with the document attached as a PDF file and with a document-specific email body.</span></span>
## <a name="to-send-documents-by-email"></a><span data-ttu-id="1720f-125">To send documents by email</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1720f-125">To send documents by email</span></span>
1. <span data-ttu-id="1720f-126">In the top right corner, choose the **Search for Page or Report** icon, enter **Posted Sales Invoices**, and then choose the related link.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1720f-126">In the top right corner, choose the **Search for Page or Report** icon, enter **Posted Sales Invoices**, and then choose the related link.</span></span>
2. <span data-ttu-id="1720f-127">Select the relevant sales invoice, choose the **Send** action.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1720f-127">Select the relevant sales invoice, choose the **Send** action.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1720f-128">The **Send Document to** window opens.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1720f-128">The **Send Document to** window opens.</span></span>
3. <span data-ttu-id="1720f-129">In the **Email** field, select **Yes (Prompt for Settings)**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1720f-129">In the **Email** field, select **Yes (Prompt for Settings)**.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1720f-130">For more information, see [How to: Set Up Document Sending Profiles](sales-how-setup-document-send-profiles.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1720f-130">For more information, see [How to: Set Up Document Sending Profiles](sales-how-setup-document-send-profiles.md).</span></span>
4. <span data-ttu-id="1720f-131">Choose the **OK** button.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1720f-131">Choose the **OK** button.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1720f-132">The **Send Email** window opens.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1720f-132">The **Send Email** window opens.</span></span>
5. <span data-ttu-id="1720f-133">In the **To:** field, enter a valid email address.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1720f-133">In the **To:** field, enter a valid email address.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1720f-134">The default value is the customer email address.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1720f-134">The default value is the customer email address.</span></span>
6. <span data-ttu-id="1720f-135">In the **Cc:** field, specify an email address to have a copy of the email message sent to another recipient.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1720f-135">In the **Cc:** field, specify an email address to have a copy of the email message sent to another recipient.</span></span>
7. <span data-ttu-id="1720f-136">In the **Bcc:** field, specify an email address to have a copy of the email sent to another recipient without that email address and name appearing to other recipients.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1720f-136">In the **Bcc:** field, specify an email address to have a copy of the email sent to another recipient without that email address and name appearing to other recipients.</span></span>
8. <span data-ttu-id="1720f-137">In the **Subject** field, enter a descriptive subject text.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1720f-137">In the **Subject** field, enter a descriptive subject text.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1720f-138">The default value is the customer name and invoice number.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1720f-138">The default value is the customer name and invoice number.</span></span>
9. <span data-ttu-id="1720f-139">In the **Attachment** field, the generated invoice is attached by default as a PDF file.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1720f-139">In the **Attachment** field, the generated invoice is attached by default as a PDF file.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1720f-140">Choose the lookup button to open the file or attach another one.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1720f-140">Choose the lookup button to open the file or attach another one.</span></span>
10. <span data-ttu-id="1720f-141">In the **Body** field, enter a short message to the recipient.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1720f-141">In the **Body** field, enter a short message to the recipient.</span></span>

    <span data-ttu-id="1720f-142">If a document-specific email body is set up in the **Report Selection - Sales** window, then the **Body** field is filled automatically.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1720f-142">If a document-specific email body is set up in the **Report Selection - Sales** window, then the **Body** field is filled automatically.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1720f-143">For more information, see the “To set up a document-specific email body for sales invoices” section in this topic.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1720f-143">For more information, see the “To set up a document-specific email body for sales invoices” section in this topic.</span></span>
11. <span data-ttu-id="1720f-144">Select the **Edit in Outlook Web App** check box to open the email message in the email app for Office 365.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1720f-144">Select the **Edit in Outlook Web App** check box to open the email message in the email app for Office 365.</span></span>
12. <span data-ttu-id="1720f-145">Choose the **OK** button to send the email message.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1720f-145">Choose the **OK** button to send the email message.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="1720f-146">**Note**: If you do not need to specify email settings each time you email a document, you can select the **Yes (Use Default Settings)** option in the Email field in the **Send Document To** window.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1720f-146">**Note**: If you do not need to specify email settings each time you email a document, you can select the **Yes (Use Default Settings)** option in the Email field in the **Send Document To** window.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1720f-147">In that case, the **Send Email** window will not open.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1720f-147">In that case, the **Send Email** window will not open.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1720f-148">See Step 4.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1720f-148">See Step 4.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1720f-149">For more information, see [How to: Set Up Document Sending Profiles](sales-how-setup-document-send-profiles.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1720f-149">For more information, see [How to: Set Up Document Sending Profiles](sales-how-setup-document-send-profiles.md).</span></span>

## <a name="see-also"></a><span data-ttu-id="1720f-150">See Also</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1720f-150">See Also</span></span>  
[<span data-ttu-id="1720f-151">Work with Dynamics NAV</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1720f-151">Work with Dynamics NAV</span></span>](ui-work-product.md)  
[<span data-ttu-id="1720f-152">How to: Invoice Sales</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1720f-152">How to: Invoice Sales</span></span>](sales-how-invoice-sales.md)

