---
title: Letting Dynamics NAV Suggest Values
author: SorenGP
ms.custom: na
ms.date: 09/22/2016
ms.reviewer: na
ms.suite: na
ms.tgt_pltfrm: na
ms.topic: article
ms.prod: dynamics-nav-2017
ms.translationtype: Human Translation
ms.sourcegitcommit: 6b60b1344a1e18ad91863046110df880f75f7c04
ms.openlocfilehash: bdf91f749a34fb9cd101a9a5d310996d2eef5f1b
ms.contentlocale: en-gb
ms.lasthandoff: 07/19/2017

---

# <a name="letting-dynamics-nav-suggest-values"></a><span data-ttu-id="2695d-102">Letting Dynamics NAV Suggest Values</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2695d-102">Letting Dynamics NAV Suggest Values</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="2695d-103">Dynamics NAV can help you complete tasks quicker and more correctly by prefilling fields or complete lines with data that you would otherwise have to calculate and enter yourself.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2695d-103">Dynamics NAV can help you complete tasks quicker and more correctly by prefilling fields or complete lines with data that you would otherwise have to calculate and enter yourself.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2695d-104">Although such automatic data entry is always correct, you can change it afterwards if you want to.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2695d-104">Although such automatic data entry is always correct, you can change it afterwards if you want to.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="2695d-105">Functionality that enters field values for you is typically offered for tasks where you enter large volumes of transactional data and want to avoid errors and save time.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2695d-105">Functionality that enters field values for you is typically offered for tasks where you enter large volumes of transactional data and want to avoid errors and save time.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2695d-106">This topic contains a selection of such functionality.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2695d-106">This topic contains a selection of such functionality.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2695d-107">More sections will be added in future updates of Dynamics NAV.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2695d-107">More sections will be added in future updates of Dynamics NAV.</span></span>

## <a name="the-suggest-balancing-amount-check-box-in-the-general-journal-batches-window"></a><span data-ttu-id="2695d-108">The **Suggest Balancing Amount** check box in the **General Journal Batches** window</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2695d-108">The **Suggest Balancing Amount** check box in the **General Journal Batches** window</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="2695d-109">When, for example, you are entering general journal lines for multiple expenses that must all be posted to the same bank account, then each time you enter a new journal line for an expense, you can have the **Amount** field on the bank account line automatically updated to the amount that balances the expenses.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2695d-109">When, for example, you are entering general journal lines for multiple expenses that must all be posted to the same bank account, then each time you enter a new journal line for an expense, you can have the **Amount** field on the bank account line automatically updated to the amount that balances the expenses.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2695d-110">For more information about working with general journals, see [Work With General Journals](ui-work-general-journals.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2695d-110">For more information about working with general journals, see [Work With General Journals](ui-work-general-journals.md).</span></span>

### <a name="to-have-the-amount-field-on-balancing-general-journal-lines-filled-automatically"></a><span data-ttu-id="2695d-111">To have the **Amount** field on balancing general journal lines filled automatically</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2695d-111">To have the **Amount** field on balancing general journal lines filled automatically</span></span>
1. <span data-ttu-id="2695d-112">In the top right corner, choose the **Search for Page or Report** icon, enter **General Journals**, and then choose the related link.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2695d-112">In the top right corner, choose the **Search for Page or Report** icon, enter **General Journals**, and then choose the related link.</span></span>
2. <span data-ttu-id="2695d-113">On the line for your preferred general journal batch, choose the **Suggest Balancing Amount** check box.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2695d-113">On the line for your preferred general journal batch, choose the **Suggest Balancing Amount** check box.</span></span>
3. <span data-ttu-id="2695d-114">Open the general journal and proceed to register and post transactions using the described functionality for automatic entry of a field value.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2695d-114">Open the general journal and proceed to register and post transactions using the described functionality for automatic entry of a field value.</span></span>       

<span data-ttu-id="2695d-115">For information about how to set up a personal general journal batch, for example, for expense handling, see [Work with General Journals](ui-work-general-journals.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2695d-115">For information about how to set up a personal general journal batch, for example, for expense handling, see [Work with General Journals](ui-work-general-journals.md).</span></span>

## <a name="the-automatically-fill-date-received-field-in-the-payment-registration-window"></a><span data-ttu-id="2695d-116">The **Automatically Fill Date Received** field in the **Payment Registration** window</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2695d-116">The **Automatically Fill Date Received** field in the **Payment Registration** window</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="2695d-117">The **Payment Registration** window shows outstanding incoming payments as lines that represent sales documents where an amount is due for payment.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2695d-117">The **Payment Registration** window shows outstanding incoming payments as lines that represent sales documents where an amount is due for payment.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2695d-118">For more information about applying customer payments, see [How to: Reconcile Customer Payments Manually From a List of Unpaid Sales Documents](receivables-how-reconcile-customer-payments-list-unpaid-sales-documents.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2695d-118">For more information about applying customer payments, see [How to: Reconcile Customer Payments Manually From a List of Unpaid Sales Documents](receivables-how-reconcile-customer-payments-list-unpaid-sales-documents.md).</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="2695d-119">You main actions in the window are to fill in the **Payment Made** check box and the **Date Received** field.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2695d-119">You main actions in the window are to fill in the **Payment Made** check box and the **Date Received** field.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2695d-120">You can set Dynamics NAV up to automatically enter work date in the **Date Received** field when you select the **Payment Made** check box.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2695d-120">You can set Dynamics NAV up to automatically enter work date in the **Date Received** field when you select the **Payment Made** check box.</span></span>

### <a name="to-have-the-date-received-field-in-the-payment-registration-window-filled-automatically"></a><span data-ttu-id="2695d-121">To have the **Date Received** field in the **Payment Registration** window filled automatically</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2695d-121">To have the **Date Received** field in the **Payment Registration** window filled automatically</span></span>
1. <span data-ttu-id="2695d-122">In the top right corner, choose the **Search for Page or Report** icon, enter **Payment Registration Setup**, and then choose the related link.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2695d-122">In the top right corner, choose the **Search for Page or Report** icon, enter **Payment Registration Setup**, and then choose the related link.</span></span>
2. <span data-ttu-id="2695d-123">Select the **Automatically Fill Date Received** check box.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2695d-123">Select the **Automatically Fill Date Received** check box.</span></span>
3. <span data-ttu-id="2695d-124">Open the **Payment Registration** window and proceed to process incoming customer payments using the described functionality for automatic entry of a field value.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2695d-124">Open the **Payment Registration** window and proceed to process incoming customer payments using the described functionality for automatic entry of a field value.</span></span>

## <a name="see-also"></a><span data-ttu-id="2695d-125">See Also</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2695d-125">See Also</span></span>
[<span data-ttu-id="2695d-126">Work with Dynamics NAV</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2695d-126">Work with Dynamics NAV</span></span>](ui-work-product.md)  
[<span data-ttu-id="2695d-127">Finance</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2695d-127">Finance</span></span>](Finance.md)

