---
title: Manage Report Layouts
author: SusanneWindfeldPedersen
ms.custom: na
ms.date: 09/22/2016
ms.reviewer: na
ms.suite: na
ms.tgt_pltfrm: na
ms.topic: article
ms.prod: dynamics-nav-2017
ms.translationtype: Human Translation
ms.sourcegitcommit: 6b60b1344a1e18ad91863046110df880f75f7c04
ms.openlocfilehash: 0aa247891ce66880da308209f9da84072f5b9d64
ms.contentlocale: en-gb
ms.lasthandoff: 07/19/2017

---
    
# <a name="manage-report-layouts"></a><span data-ttu-id="44c51-102">Manage Report Layouts</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="44c51-102">Manage Report Layouts</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="44c51-103">A report layout controls content and format of the report, including which data fields of a report dataset appear on the report and how they are arranged, text style, images, and more.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="44c51-103">A report layout controls content and format of the report, including which data fields of a report dataset appear on the report and how they are arranged, text style, images, and more.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="44c51-104">From the Dynamics NAV clients, you can change which layout is used on a report, create new layout, or modify the existing layouts.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="44c51-104">From the Dynamics NAV clients, you can change which layout is used on a report, create new layout, or modify the existing layouts.</span></span> 

<span data-ttu-id="44c51-105">In particular, a report layout sets up the following:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="44c51-105">In particular, a report layout sets up the following:</span></span>

- <span data-ttu-id="44c51-106">The label and data fields to include from the dataset of the Dynamics NAV report.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="44c51-106">The label and data fields to include from the dataset of the Dynamics NAV report.</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="44c51-107">The text format, such as font type, size, and colour.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="44c51-107">The text format, such as font type, size, and color.</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="44c51-108">The company logo and its position.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="44c51-108">The company logo and its position.</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="44c51-109">General page settings, such as margins and background images.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="44c51-109">General page settings, such as margins and background images.</span></span> 

<span data-ttu-id="44c51-110">A Dynamics NAV can be set up with multiple report layouts, which you can switch among as required.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="44c51-110">A Dynamics NAV can be set up with multiple report layouts, which you can switch among as required.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="44c51-111">You can use one of the built-in report layouts or you can create custom report layouts and assign them to your reports as needed.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="44c51-111">You can use one of the built-in report layouts or you can create custom report layouts and assign them to your reports as needed.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="44c51-112">There are two types of report layouts that you can use on reports: Word and RDLC.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="44c51-112">There are two types of report layouts that you can use on reports: Word and RDLC.</span></span>

## <a name="word-report-layout-overview"></a><span data-ttu-id="44c51-113">Word report layout overview</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="44c51-113">Word report layout overview</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="44c51-114">A Word report layout is a based on Word document (.docx file type).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="44c51-114">A Word report layout is a based on Word document (.docx file type).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="44c51-115">Word report layouts enable you to design report layouts by using Microsoft Word 2013 or later.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="44c51-115">Word report layouts enable you to design report layouts by using Microsoft Word 2013 or later.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="44c51-116">A Word report layout determines the report's content - controlling how that content elements are arranged and how they look.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="44c51-116">A Word report layout determines the report's content - controlling how that content elements are arranged and how they look.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="44c51-117">A Word report layout document will typically use tables to arrange content, where the cells can contain data fields, text, or pictures.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="44c51-117">A Word report layout document will typically use tables to arrange content, where the cells can contain data fields, text, or pictures.</span></span>

## <a name="rdlc-layout-overview"></a><span data-ttu-id="44c51-118">RDLC layout overview</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="44c51-118">RDLC layout overview</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="44c51-119">RDLC layouts are based on client report definition layouts (.rdlc or .rdl file types).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="44c51-119">RDLC layouts are based on client report definition layouts (.rdlc or .rdl file types).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="44c51-120">These layouts are created and modified by using SQL Server Report Builder.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="44c51-120">These layouts are created and modified by using SQL Server Report Builder.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="44c51-121">The design concept for RDLC layouts is similar to Word layouts, where the layout defines the general format of the report and determines the fields from the dataset to include.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="44c51-121">The design concept for RDLC layouts is similar to Word layouts, where the layout defines the general format of the report and determines the fields from the dataset to include.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="44c51-122">Designing RDLC layouts is more advanced than Word layouts.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="44c51-122">Designing RDLC layouts is more advanced than Word layouts.</span></span>

## <a name="built-in-and-custom-report-layouts"></a><span data-ttu-id="44c51-123">Built-in and custom report layouts</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="44c51-123">Built-in and custom report layouts</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="44c51-124">Dynamics NAV includes several built-in layouts.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="44c51-124">Dynamics NAV includes several built-in layouts.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="44c51-125">Built-in layouts are predefined layouts that are designed for specific reports.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="44c51-125">Built-in layouts are predefined layouts that are designed for specific reports.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="44c51-126">Dynamics NAV reports will have a built-in layout as either an RDLC report layout, Word report layout, or in some cases both.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="44c51-126">Dynamics NAV reports will have a built-in layout as either an RDLC report layout, Word report layout, or in some cases both.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="44c51-127">You cannot modify a built-in report layout from Dynamics NAV but you use them as a starting point for building your own custom report layouts.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="44c51-127">You cannot modify a built-in report layout from Dynamics NAV but you use them as a starting point for building your own custom report layouts.</span></span> 

<span data-ttu-id="44c51-128">Custom layouts are report layouts that you design to change the appearance of a report.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="44c51-128">Custom layouts are report layouts that you design to change the appearance of a report.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="44c51-129">You typically create a custom layout based on a built-in layout, but you can create them from scratch or from a copy of an existing custom layout.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="44c51-129">You typically create a custom layout based on a built-in layout, but you can create them from scratch or from a copy of an existing custom layout.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="44c51-130">Custom layouts enable you to have multiple layouts for the same report, which you switch among as needed.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="44c51-130">Custom layouts enable you to have multiple layouts for the same report, which you switch among as needed.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="44c51-131">For example, you can have different layouts for each Dynamics NAV company, or you can have different layouts for the same company for specific occasions or events, like a special campaign or holiday season.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="44c51-131">For example, you can have different layouts for each Dynamics NAV company, or you can have different layouts for the same company for specific occasions or events, like a special campaign or holiday season.</span></span>

## <a name="deciding-whether-to-use-a-word-or-rdlc-report-layout"></a><span data-ttu-id="44c51-132">Deciding whether to use a Word or RDLC report layout</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="44c51-132">Deciding whether to use a Word or RDLC report layout</span></span> 
<span data-ttu-id="44c51-133">A report layout can be based on either a Word document or RDLC file.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="44c51-133">A report layout can be based on either a Word document or RDLC file.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="44c51-134">Deciding on whether to use a Word report layout or RDLC report layout type will depend on how you want the generated report to look and your knowledge of Word and SQL Server Report Builder.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="44c51-134">Deciding on whether to use a Word report layout or RDLC report layout type will depend on how you want the generated report to look and your knowledge of Word and SQL Server Report Builder.</span></span> 

<span data-ttu-id="44c51-135">The general design concepts for Word and RDLC layouts are very similar.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="44c51-135">The general design concepts for Word and RDLC layouts are very similar.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="44c51-136">However each type has certain design features that affect how the generated report is appears in Dynamics NAV.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="44c51-136">However each type has certain design features that affect how the generated report is appears in Dynamics NAV.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="44c51-137">This means that the same report might look different when using the Word report layout compared to the RDLC report layout.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="44c51-137">This means that the same report might look different when using the Word report layout compared to the RDLC report layout.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="44c51-138">The process for setting up Word report layouts and RDLC report layouts on reports is the same.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="44c51-138">The process for setting up Word report layouts and RDLC report layouts on reports is the same.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="44c51-139">The main difference is in the way you modify the layouts.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="44c51-139">The main difference is in the way you modify the layouts.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="44c51-140">Word report layouts are typically easier to create and modify than RDLC report layouts because you can use Word.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="44c51-140">Word report layouts are typically easier to create and modify than RDLC report layouts because you can use Word.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="44c51-141">RDLC report layouts are modified by using SQL Server Report builder which targets more advanced users.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="44c51-141">RDLC report layouts are modified by using SQL Server Report builder which targets more advanced users.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="44c51-142">For information on how to change which layout to use, see [How to: Change Which Layout is Currently Used on a Report](ui-how-change-layout-currently-used-report.md)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="44c51-142">For information on how to change which layout to use, see [How to: Change Which Layout is Currently Used on a Report](ui-how-change-layout-currently-used-report.md)</span></span>

## <a name="see-also"></a><span data-ttu-id="44c51-143">See Also</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="44c51-143">See Also</span></span>
[<span data-ttu-id="44c51-144">Work with Dynamics NAV</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="44c51-144">Work with Dynamics NAV</span></span>](ui-work-product.md)  
[<span data-ttu-id="44c51-145">How to: Create a Custom Report Layout</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="44c51-145">How to: Create a Custom Report Layout</span></span>](ui-how-create-custom-report-layout.md)  
[<span data-ttu-id="44c51-146">How to: Send Documents by Email</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="44c51-146">How to: Send Documents by Email</span></span>](ui-how-send-documents-email.md)

