---
title: Sales Tax and Tax Groups in the US and Canada
author: edupont04
ms.custom: na
ms.date: 09/22/2016
ms.reviewer: na
ms.suite: na
ms.tgt_pltfrm: na
ms.topic: article
ms-prod: dynamics-nav-2017
ms.translationtype: Human Translation
ms.sourcegitcommit: 51adfb3588099c496f0946ff71da5c6fe518f070
ms.openlocfilehash: f70a191fc8392bf1685c08c7e905ac96ba7ed069
ms.contentlocale: en-gb
ms.lasthandoff: 06/26/2017

---

# <a name="sales-tax-and-tax-groups-in-the-us-and-canada"></a><span data-ttu-id="fd540-102">Sales Tax and Tax Groups in the US and Canada</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fd540-102">Sales Tax and Tax Groups in the US and Canada</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="fd540-103">When you first start using Dynamics NAV, you can run an assisted setup guide to quickly and easily set up VAT information for your company and, optionally for your customers, and vendors.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fd540-103">When you first start using Dynamics NAV, you can run an assisted setup guide to quickly and easily set up sales tax information for your company and, optionally for your customers, and vendors.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="fd540-104">In a matter of minutes, you are ready to create sales documents and purchase documents with sales tax calculated correctly.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fd540-104">In a matter of minutes, you are ready to create sales documents and purchase documents with sales tax calculated correctly.</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="fd540-105">If you move to the empty My Company, we recommend that you start by using each of the assisted setup guides, including the one for sales tax.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fd540-105">If you move to the empty My Company, we recommend that you start by using each of the assisted setup guides, including the one for sales tax.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="fd540-106">If you prefer to set up sales tax yourself, this article explains what you have to take into consideration.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fd540-106">If you prefer to set up sales tax yourself, this article explains what you have to take into consideration.</span></span>  

## <a name="tax-groups-tax-areas-and-tax-jurisdictions"></a><span data-ttu-id="fd540-107">Tax Groups, Tax Areas, and Tax Jurisdictions</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fd540-107">Tax Groups, Tax Areas, and Tax Jurisdictions</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="fd540-108">In Dynamics NAV, a tax group represents a group of inventory items or resources that are subject to identical tax terms.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fd540-108">In Dynamics NAV, a tax group represents a group of inventory items or resources that are subject to identical tax terms.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="fd540-109">For example, you can set up a tax group for taxable items and another for nontaxable items.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fd540-109">For example, you can set up a tax group for taxable items and another for nontaxable items.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="fd540-110">You must assign tax group codes to inventory items and general ledger accounts.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fd540-110">You must assign tax group codes to inventory items and general ledger accounts.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="fd540-111">Similarly, you must assign tax area codes to customers, locations, and to your own company settings.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fd540-111">Similarly, you must assign tax area codes to customers, locations, and to your own company settings.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="fd540-112">The assisted setup guide helps you do this.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fd540-112">The assisted setup guide helps you do this.</span></span>  

<span data-ttu-id="fd540-113">Each tax area is a grouping of VAT jurisdictions based on a particular geographic location.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fd540-113">Each tax area is a grouping of sales tax jurisdictions based on a particular geographic location.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="fd540-114">For example, the Miami, Florida, tax area includes three sales tax jurisdictions: city (Miami), county (Dade), and state (Florida).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fd540-114">For example, the Miami, Florida, tax area includes three sales tax jurisdictions: city (Miami), county (Dade), and state (Florida).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="fd540-115">Dynamics NAV includes a limited set of tax areas with a default configuration, but you can change them and add new tax areas.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fd540-115">Dynamics NAV includes a limited set of tax areas with a default configuration, but you can change them and add new tax areas.</span></span>  

<span data-ttu-id="fd540-116">If you set up new tax areas and tax jurisdictions, you must make sure that you fill in the fields correctly.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fd540-116">If you set up new tax areas and tax jurisdictions, you must make sure that you fill in the fields correctly.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="fd540-117">In the United States, states, counties, cities, and localities can charge sales tax.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fd540-117">In the United States, states, counties, cities, and localities can charge sales tax.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="fd540-118">In Canada, the federal government and provinces can charge sales tax.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fd540-118">In Canada, the federal government and provinces can charge sales tax.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="fd540-119">Companies collect and remit VAT to these government authorities for products sold to end users.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fd540-119">Companies collect and remit sales tax to these government authorities for products sold to end users.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="fd540-120">VAT can also be charged to existing VAT.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fd540-120">Sales tax can also be charged to existing sales tax.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="fd540-121">For example, tax can be calculated on a sales invoice amount that already includes the tax from other jurisdictions.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fd540-121">For example, tax can be calculated on a sales invoice amount that already includes the tax from other jurisdictions.</span></span>  

<span data-ttu-id="fd540-122">In Canada, tax amounts must be detailed in documents for each tax jurisdiction.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fd540-122">In Canada, tax amounts must be detailed in documents for each tax jurisdiction.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="fd540-123">Up to four jurisdictions can be displayed in a document, and jurisdictions that have the same print order are combined when they are printed.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fd540-123">Up to four jurisdictions can be displayed in a document, and jurisdictions that have the same print order are combined when they are printed.</span></span>

## <a name="tax-details"></a><span data-ttu-id="fd540-124">Tax Details</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fd540-124">Tax Details</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="fd540-125">The **Tax Details** window shows different combinations of sales tax jurisdictions and sales tax groups to establish sales tax rates.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fd540-125">The **Tax Details** window shows different combinations of sales tax jurisdictions and sales tax groups to establish sales tax rates.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="fd540-126">For each tax jurisdiction, we recommend that you set up one tax group for normal VAT, another tax group for items or services that are not taxed, and an additional tax group for every type of item or service that is handled with a different VAT rate in that jurisdiction.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fd540-126">For each tax jurisdiction, we recommend that you set up one tax group for normal sales tax, another tax group for items or services that are not taxed, and an additional tax group for every type of item or service that is handled with a different sales tax rate in that jurisdiction.</span></span>  

<span data-ttu-id="fd540-127">In the United States, when you sell to a customer at a location where you do not have a *situs*—or a legal location in that state—you do not collect sales tax.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fd540-127">In the United States, when you sell to a customer at a location where you do not have a *situs*—or a legal location in that state—you do not collect sales tax.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="fd540-128">For locations in which you do not have a situs, ensure that both the **Tax Below Minimum** and **Tax Above Maximum** fields are 0.00.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fd540-128">For locations in which you do not have a situs, ensure that both the **Tax Below Minimum** and **Tax Above Maximum** fields are 0.00.</span></span>  

## <a name="see-also"></a><span data-ttu-id="fd540-129">See Also</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fd540-129">See Also</span></span>
[<span data-ttu-id="fd540-130">Finance</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fd540-130">Finance</span></span>](finance-setup.md)  
[<span data-ttu-id="fd540-131">Set Up Finance</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fd540-131">Set Up Finance</span></span>](finance-setup-setup-finance-setup.md)  
[<span data-ttu-id="fd540-132">Sales Tax and Goods and Services Tax in Canada</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fd540-132">Sales Tax and Goods and Services Tax in Canada</span></span>](ca-finance-setup-tax.md)  
[<span data-ttu-id="fd540-133">Sales Tax setup made easy</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fd540-133">Sales Tax setup made easy</span></span>](https://madeira.microsoft.com/en-us/blog/sales-tax-setup-made-easy)  

